recently after a near death experience i finally decided i m going to start a band someday of course i ll have a career on the side just in case , but i feel like life is too short and fragile to not pursue the things you enjoy ! so i wanted to know if there are any spells out there that can help me \( along with me actually practicing \) with singing and writing songs \? maybe even any deities associated with fame \? i feel like if i would like to get anywhere with music , some help \( along with working hard and being on that grind \) might assist in getting recognition and really creating some amazing stuff
i am scared to walk to my local coffee shop cause you know i ll be there you stare at me cause you know what you did to me 3 years of complete abuse for what \? i loved you so much and would do anything for you and you took advantage in the worst way possible i am moving on without you and it s so happy to be away but seeing you in the street fills me with dread cause it brings up old memories id rather forget if i was able to erase the memories of you , i would do it in a heartbeat you are angry that i am myself again living without you i am happy now , stop staring at me if you see me , do not acknowledge my existence because i m trying not to acknowledge yours
is this a safe place to ask honest questions \? i have chronic pain , and have had my life changed with kratom but i also have many prescriptions that i need when it gets real bad everyone knows it 's either one or the other , but you ca n't seem to get the benefit of both at the same time \? has anyone found a balance between the two \?
let s see how long u won t ghost 
he owns a struggling small business \( surgeon with 3 4 employees in a seasonal nj vacation town \) and i heard him say to my little brother , it 's a shame how much it would hurt small businesses i honestly do n't have a response i'm no economist , and i 've tried to read up as much as i can about seattle , but much of what i read strongly suggests that small businesses would n't be able to afford potentially doubling their employees' pay and would either need to end up cutting employment or closing up shop is there any clear assurance anywhere showing this is n't the case \? something i can send to him to read \? i really appreciate it go bernie !
i m trying to make a command block constantly check to see if a player is within a certain distance of it although i got it to work , the problem is that it constantly spams in the chat that it has found me is there a way for it to do that without saying it in chat \?
hello i'm looking for new peeps to play games with a lot it does n't matter your skill level , as long as we have fun ps4 mw \( warzone , mp \) , rocket league , everybody 's golf , jackbox \( maybe \? \) switch smash , mk8d , splatoon 2
what should i do in my free time now that i'm exempt \?
sometimes , the car makes pretty high into the red section but other times it doesnt even make it to the red blue line my guess is that the ride varies in speed between 90 to 100 mph depending on certain conditions
i m in my mid 20 s and i never had sex or had a girlfriend before so i have a lot of pent up sexual frustrations within me so once i get my first girlfriend she will be so sexually abused in a good way that she will never be the same every inch of her will be felt up , savoured , roughly and delicately treated , she will never be the same again felt up , pinched , scratched , slapped , biting , i will do all of this to her body and make sure she will never be the same again in a good way her body will be so ravaged that i will wonder how she can still talk to her parents their adult daughter would have been sexually ravaged and changed from head to toe , mentally and especially physically
need help reaching affiliat
recently i 've noticed that a fuck ton of my friends just completely ignore me or just do n't want to talk to me fair enough but it does kind of hurt i'm not sure if it 's because i'm annoying or they just could n't be assed lol
i finally got mhw again because i decided to buy iceborne i want to play with people because i did n't really do a whole lot of that when i first played this game and the people that i did rarely play with do n't play anymore i am not done with the original story quite yet but when i get to the iceborne quests i may not play them immediately i will probably grind out a good set of gear first but if anyone is interested in playing with a pretty chill player then hmu my psn is toast rider with 2 underscores
met a 33f here we decided not to disclose anything personal chat started from weird fantasy conversation was smooth n fluid i could guess from the careful selection of words that she is smart , strong and independent i admired her strength , knowledge and courage the chat lasted for several days she leaned me , i learned her the more i got to know her the more i started to admire her yet somewhere in my mind when i imagine about her , i see a slut in her after couple of weeks , inadvertently i asked will you be my slut \? after a long silence from both side , she replied i am already
like just a friendly heart emoji , or say a heart drawn on something mailed to you \? asking for 
hii i just started going to the gym regularly and currently i'm having to wash my shirt nightly to wear the next day because i cant find anything that fits me i'm 5ft and about 107lbs i cant find anything that fits me i just bought a bunch of xsmall things at kohls but they were all baggy and hung really long on me i thought i was a normal size , but i'm starting to feel misshapen or something i dont like showing skin at the gym so i'm looking for long sleeves but fitted i was thinking trying fabletics , but searching that on reddit seems like people really were n't fans of it i saw someone recommend gymshark , but lots of their tops are crop tops and i'm not comfortable with that i super appreciate any recommendations thanks !
i need to get over this but i seem unable , my mind is no longer lost , no longer unstable , i hate you with all of my being until i die , i will hate you with all my heart , i ca n't even cry , you brought out the monster inside for good my love , i hate you from the core of my soul , no gods from above , can save me now , i am this apathetic man , because of you baby , no one will ever understand , why i hate life , love , and all that comes from the light , because of you , i will forever abide in the night
, , , , , amp nbsp ' , ' , amp nbsp amp nbsp ' , ' , ' ' 2 amp nbsp amp nbsp , ' \? \? \? amp nbsp , 11 amp nbsp 3 amp nbsp amp nbsp amp nbsp 00 2 8 amp nbsp amp nbsp
i feel so selfish for everything i do sometimes but i really can not control that i just wish shit got better already
looking at old messages coming to terms with and realizing you were used and abused by an adult is an ongoing thing after two years i think i m finally seeing things to the fullest extent for what they really are i don t like this i don t feel good this makes me feel more unsafe and less excited about love amp relationships i hope this passes if it doesn t i don t know how i ll go on
she always starts the conversation , tries to keep things going when i respond vaguely because i do n't want to get too close too soon how do i know if she just wants to be friends or more than that
so , i have n't played minecraft since 2015 i was really into it from 2012 2015 , but have n't played since i played on the xbox 360 version now , i wanna get back into it , and upgrade to one of the newer and better versions thing is i ca n't decide if i want to get it on xbox one , windows 10 , or java one thing that i really wanna do is join and or download other people 's worlds , join other servers , download pre existing worlds and explore them and maybe add to them , and still make my own of course which version should i do \?
i feel extremely lonely right now and want to talk to somebody it would be great if we could meet irl
how can i make this as painless as possible , i don t want to be foun
i never have had many friends a few from school and a couple online friends and i was in a group chat with a few of them and they ended up getting into a fight and everyone left i mentioned about a month ago that we all would most likely end up splitting apart and i even kinda prepared myself but i did n't think it would end like this or end this soon now i'm lost and really dont know what to 
been here for a while now and i talked with really nice individuals hence , posted to say thank you and remind everyone how important your health is
i loved it i feel like i got the optimal ending \( took jorji 's advice \) fled to oberlisk with everyone except my mil in tow \( whatever , that bitch was always sick and hungry and i assume whiny anyways \) amp x200b freedom to oberlisk ! down with arstotkza ! long live jorji and his faulty entry documenta ! ! ! !
i actually do watch people play games that i play , but i also watch other games even though i do n't play them some games are just more enjoyable to watch than to play does that make any sense to anyone \?
the real slim shady is eminem s best song 
so i just transferred here , and moved in last week i thought i could try and pay for the tuition and fees but with all the added expenses of the textbooks and the random sites i have to pay for , i cant so i want to unregistered before im liable for the tuition thats september 2 , and i dont know how to do that so that im not liable for any of the tuition do i just drop every class on solar \? how does this work help would be nice asap
y all want a summer bod \? i have one in my garage , hurry up it s starting to smell
so i come from r short , where the majority of the community is very pessimistic about their height \( even i am \) but i am interested in seeing what the other side has to say about their heights i know taller guys have the advantage when it comes to dating and being predominately more desired when it comes to procreation , but i know you have your fair share of struggles when it comes to clothing shopping and fitting into cars , especially guys 6'5 so , overall , do you like your height or hate it \?
send me your offer token sdsulgbf
it s an amd radeon vega 3 in this laptop that i want , will it run r6 on lowest settings \?
\( \) thanks for watching !
please pray for me ! i was manipulated by a guy i met on instagram he is in a cult and he wanted me to join i feel so stupid for trusting him he just wanted a one sided friendship and he told that if i cut him off that i would have no friends i blocked him yesterday
is anyone able to help with me on anyways i may be able to recover my data , it 's not corrupted it just disappears , this is the third time in 3 months it 's happend to 
i use angsty fanfictions as a coping mechanism \( i also like to torture myself emotionally \) if you have something about solangelo \( one of them die , for instance \) , please link it below today just is n't my day , thank you
for narcissists , it 's all about 'me' and 'my ego' they never say things like , oh , you got a good grade that 's great ! or congrats , man ! they just get jealous moreover , they never validate your efforts everything you achieved is because of your luck , talent or whatever , but it would n't be attributed to your effort according to ns , i'm always a lazy bastard who was just lucky to have some academic brilliancee and not someone who was diligent and studied ha
because i am constantly complaining about being bored in every conversation i say something about boredom everyone is annoyed how much i talk about being bored but i ca n't stop being b
help ! i can t find my settings for the tweaks i installed , i looked in normal system settings but i can t find them \? \? \? \?
hey y'all ! gonna go for my first long edge session \( wanna try for at least an hour and half \) and just felt kinda like admitting it lol i would hope if anyone has tips or even recommendations , please share ! anyways im kinda thinking this is probably just gonna be ignored but i wanted to join into all the talk i see on this sub
and i still carried on with hl maths in the lc cause i believed in myself and was doing really well in it and got a h3 in the mocks in it but my jc result is 100 going to fail me today \(
hey guys i 've tried so many different sunscreens here 's the list alba botanica lavender sunscreen spf45 alba botanica sensitive mineral sunscreen spf30 cool cucumber matte spf 30 mineral sunscreen \( broke me out \) mad hippie mineral sunscreen spf 30 besides the coola and alba lavender the rest gave me white cast i am olive toned slightly tan skin i'm looking for one with very little to no white cast preferably none , easy to apply , cruelty free , vegan would be nice and mineral and at least spf30 with a good amount of zinc oxide preferably 15 20 i tried thinksport and it seems okay hoping to get some more reccomendations ty
spoiler for epilogue ok , so why can t i change my outfit in johns own house despite having a mirror and a wardrobe \? did rockstar forget to add that \? do i have to go rent a room in black water to save my outfit \?
bf has managed to give me a few good ones in a very visible area on my neck , i ca n't wear anything to cover it due to my job , and makeup is n't doing the trick quick solutions \?
preferably one that is n't super expensive recommendations \?
hi all , i recently started rewatching a channel called killuminati on youtube that dealt with ancient technology and knowledge i remember stumbling upon it 7ish years ago there is a guy speaking at minute 34 24 of the video below he sounds like hes from jersey or new york i distinctly remember birds in the background and you can hear them he makes some good arguments i remember he had some channels at the time but they kept getting deleted he goes into saturn a lot i found it interesting anyone know of him \? any recommendations \? rqwufrmmg let me know thanks !
hey all , i currently have a account with trading 212 , i am from the uk and r h00d isnt widely available yet and i am on the que to join however i have noticed that you are unable to short stocks or i haven t found out how to do it , i personally believe that a few stocks are very inflated and will go down soon so if anyone has any recommendations i am happy to listen
i'm kind of struggling on which charcter i wanna get to lv 20 , so far i have batman , robin and flash i was thinking for my next victim i wanna use either cyborg , wonder woman or green arrow any other suggestions welcomed as is advice , thanks in advanc
so in california , it 's illegal to give a black child an iq test i think it should be legal and i think the fact it 's illegal is just holding black children back if you give black children an iq test then we know which specific students to give more help to sources children denied iq tests in california legend is it against the law to give a black child an iq test in california yes it is a new podcast from colin flaherty
i m a guy from the us just looking to chat and maybe become friends i love music and am getting a music degree i play a lot of jazz , but i play many other kinds of music too i enjoy video games , and collection games i just bought ultra sun , new super mario bros 2 , star fox 64 3d , and yo kai watch for my ds this weekend i like to drink occasionally , but i smoke weed everyday i made some hash that has been getting me so baked lol i enjoy cooking , and lately have been experimenting making all kinds of edibles last ones i made were nerd ropes well , if your still reading this at this point send me a messag
my friend and i were talking about the dlo trade , and he 's a been a lifelong warriors fan \( a real one \) , and he said this trade reminded him of the monta ellis trade every warriors fan was pissed about taking bogut for monta , but it ended up working out in the end now i do n't know all the backstory behind that trade but who knows , i'm gonna be optimistic and maybe lopez can actually turn it to be really effective for us , while also ball ingram and hopefully pg learn to mesh togeth
now that my mom is homeschooling him \( cuz of covid \) it s become even harder for both of them my mom is beginning to lose more and more patience \( even though she is an incredible mom \) he s started hitting his head on the boards of his bed when he locks himself in his room this is becoming normal whenever he struggles with school , he won t even try anymore he just gets so upset with himself before he even lets himself try it s scaring me and idk how i or my mom could help him anymore we don t have the money for a tutor or anything to help him right now that knows how to deal with adhd kids please i need advic
hey all , my friend drew de four \( \) has been doing online shows for the last 70 something nights , turning his basement into an online piano bar of sorts tonight , from 8 10 pm est , it s all u2 i figured some of you might want to check it out , and for those of you who miss it live , you can always go back and check out the replay hope you enjoy !
if there is a way better foundation than what s shown that you would recommend leave it in the comments and i will check it out ! view poll \( \)
y all i think i straight up made one of my friends on here distance themselves because they saw some of what i looked like lmfaooo if y all ever feel bad abt urselves remember ur not 
illusion i think i'm too good reality i'm too good but not as much as i think i can hold long deep conversations and keep you interested but i take really long to open up with my inner feelings and i often do too much for the other person and now i'm tired of it i am just looking for healthy companionship distance does n't matter to me if it does n't matter to you
my age or younger prefer guys that like hugs and heart to hearts
i served myself some ice cream and sat there on my phone and forgot to eat it for maybe 45 minutes , then i put it back in the freezer i was told you shouldn t refreeze ice cream though is it safe to eat \?
view poll \( \)
feature share \( feature share \) hey everyone , i love borderlands 3 a lot , but you know what i love more \? earth ! i was thinking , the gaming community loves video games and can usually afford 60 to 100 for a new video game pretty regularly , so why not take a few bucks to help out this awesome earth we live on and donate to help mother nature get back on its feet again please go over and watch this wonderful video and if you have a little extra to plant some trees , that would be awesome ! ! !
i do n't mind working , it 's just the applying process that i ca n't get past updating my cv , searching for available jobs , interviews i hate it
anyone wants to trib or have photos tribed or just exposed to a group , pms are open and i can invite you to the group chat
i am attempting to allow users to select the software to install when deploying an image to a unit however , after the deployment is completed it is still missing the selected optional software i have been unable to locate anywhere in the logs indicating that the optional software install was started , or that the selected software was even acknowledged any ideas \?
they are literally eating another animal , it s ok for men to do it because we are like cavemen but what about women \? do you think women who eats meat are unattractive \?
is n't it the samurai \?
so it just has giant arrows everywhere , and just says image jpeg instead of displaying anything properly i m up to date but nothing i ve tried has worked so far , so i dunn
just an fyi , fappy mike is fe only ! anyone aware of any good canadian rc psychedelic vendors \( specifically , 4 aco met \) that are n't fe \? even though some of these substances are legal , i feel uncomfortable buying them from clearnet due to the lack of stealth any advice is appreciated !
android 10 updates were released more than a month ago for united kingdom , korea , argentina , etc , but for europe and specifically nee region , still nothing the last update was just a security patch to may 1 , released on 06 18 , 2 months ago can i install the uk rom with odin without losing the warranty , ota function , and having to do a factory reset \? currently i'm on nee csc , it 's unbranded there are some articles about the multi csc thing , but i'm not sure about how it works
i need relationship advice so there s this girl i really like and she says there s no way we are going to happen there s another guy that constantly texts her and i think he likes her anyway this is probably stupid so sorry if this is wasting your time and you can just move on anyway he s definitely more fit than me , and i really like this girl we are currently good friends and i think she thinks i have lost feelings for her so if you ve got any advice that would be greatly appreciated also i m male \( if that helps \)
appa , yeet ! ! ! avatar state , yeet !
i ll accept that chatting pre anything is a gray area where it probably shouldn t be a big deal to anyone if you actually know someone or have shared something and you ghost them shame on you you do owe them a little bit of social etiquette if you aren t an asshole reminds me of my sister plugging her ears during an argument and screaming i can t hear you ! i can t hear you ! over and over again when were kids we stopped doing that shit when we grew up \( hopefully \) for a reason ghosting at this point is not just communicating you re done with them it s hamstringing them into it and an awkward end to things on their end it s not cool
for me settling is my worst nightmare anytime i hear that word i cringe personally , i can only stay in one city for a year or two and then it 's on to the next place the world is such a big place and it was meant to be explored maybe one day i 'll choose a city to finally settle in but for now i have that wanderlust bug in 
even though its a small sample size i feel different about him this year normally i'm criticizing this guy but there 's been nothing but positive vibes which has n't been normal in his tenure here maybe he 's finally figuring it out
welcome to the paranormal scholar 's official paranormal discussion facebook group ! we welcome healthy discussion , debates and sharing of all things paranormal , including but not limited to , ghosts , spirits , poltergeists , ufos , aliens , cryptids , vampires , monsters , psychic abilities , mediumship , curses , and unexplained mysteries please keep discussion kind and courteous , and remember to always be respectful of other people 's experiences it takes a lot to find the courage to share a personal experience and even if you do n't always believe another person 's claims it is important to recognise the effort that went into sharing it happily share links to paranormal and mysterious content from creators and sources other than tps ! please read our rules before joining thanks and have fun !
wassup so i hate having to talk about myself as i never know what to say i m into video games mainly fps and anything with a ranked system i enjoy drum and bass music and pretty much any other genre , let s trade some songs \? psychological thrillers and comedy s are the best genre of music i ve been feeling pretty shit recently and could do with chatting to some new people i like to think i m a good texter with fast replies i promise i ll reply to you and won t leave you on read i m from the u k if that matters hope to hear from you anyone soon
pretty bored send me your usernames clean chat only
so ive been really sad lately including today and i think i made one of my best friends mad at me and i feel like im losing everything but i thought i was doing better today wasnt as bad but then i saw a little silly thing that made all the sadness ive been putting off come flooding back and now im stuck exhausted because of all the work and emotions ive been feeling but cant sleep because of all the emotions ive been feeling yay 
i have an extra exp kvm 59 and i'm willing to trade it for a exp kipist my name is juccy helix message me if your interest
please post some submissions from cvs that you find interesting but not addressed properly \( questions without coherent answers , problems without solutions , arguments without refutations \) example r capitalismvsocialism comments 8kmkrq capitalists cant defend their property without
got secretly muted from posting when i posted a psa on mask wearing , because not enough people are doing it so i messaged the mods why i was muted and did n't get a response a week later , i sent them another message , asking why i was muted for no reason again , saying i am going to message everyday until i get a professional explanation shortly after , i was temporarily muted for 72 hours , just for asking why i was muted in the first place bravo mods for being really fucking helpful will be continuing after the mute expires already reported the modmail
i stream monday wednesday and friday ! matchest0
hello ! i have the opportunity to get a brand new iphone 7 plus that is locked to straight talk for 99 without any unlocking would it work on metro pcs \? i just broke my iphone xr and would like to buy this 7 plus
i m wanting to expand my wrestling and i ve done so by watching aew and nwa now i d like to see what amazing matches roh has to offer i know this sounds awful but i ve never seen a ring of honour match
add me trying to level with friendship bonuses
i am a bernie sanders supporter , but i would n't describe myself as a socialist , i simply support a market economy with strong regulations and social programs when republicans try and frame sanders as a marxist totalitarian in the making , it irritates me , although i'm also irritated that bernie has described himself as a socialist at all and created this confusion , as i think it impeded his election chances andrew yang is absolutely right that the capitalism socialism dichotomy is outdated , and that we need to be capitalist and socialist in different areas
finally got prescribed clomid 50mg for 5 days now to wait for my crazy irregular period obg put me on birth control to try and kick start my hormones to see if it helps me ovulate but no luck , just 25 days of af so now my system is out of whack hoping it works first cycle , fingers crossed hell even my toes are crossed haha any success stories after first cycle of clomid \? \?
alan wake is the perfect horror game to me i hate when horror games are all the same walk around a building , spot something in a hallway , music gets louder , something else pops up and eventually it chases you for a little while and that 's it it 's boring it 's played out alan wake was spooky and fun it had a mystery in the center of it 's plot , and the setting was awesome can anyone recommend something similar \? i apologize if i shut down any recommendations most horror games that i 've looked up do n't interest me at all but maybe there are some gems out there i can play for the halloween season !
me and my bestfriend of 3 years were talkin' about random shit and the whole question of 'if i was to die tomorrow shit popped up , she said she 'd get a friend they 've known since october to do their eulogy ngl i felt hurt and it killed my mood idk if im just being a snowflake cuz fuck that really got to 
ask em for advice on what to do if this happens or that happens or what to do if you feel this etc
i'm mtf , 5'10 my sister is older than me and 5'6 it 's just so not fair , i wish i was cis so badly i hate it so much my ideal height would be around 5'5
poopoo and pee pee in my trousers
i would know cause im one of them im 20 and have never been in a relationship bef
after our first date he asked about a second date but after our second date i had to initiate over message he agreed and sent his availability and i said that my schedule wasn t compatible with his he seemed very bland about it
i m so b
i bought overwatch digital awhile ago and when i got my ps4 fixed it s not in my library any
youtube seems to be back to the old layout for me , and i ca n't get it back to the new one any idea to why \? i even tried youtube com new but it goes back to the older when as i refresh
it s hot as fuck out ! stay hydrated and drink water !
hey everyone , i am an 18 year old guy from the united states i currently live in pennsylvania and i want to make more friends \( online or offline \) i do work a lot but i somehow i always find a way to talk to much whenever i m home i usually watch anime or game \( also i am a streamer \) i am looking for someone around my age who wants to be close long term friends talking to much is a good thing and i love to call whenever i get the chance too if you are interested just message me \)
just wondering ive been thinking about sleeping on the floor without a pilow to help my bad forward head posture for the people who have tried it , how effective is it \?
getting eaten alive by a million mosquitoes while your puppy takes ages to find the perfect poop spot is seriously testing ! i know if i rush or stress him he will just take longer just needed to vent a bit
one thing i hate about vlives is people repeatedly asking the idols who don t speak english or even know it well to speak english , it s so selfish and nasty with that said i can t help but feel selfish whenever i leave the live due to me not understanding them at all i also feel bad for losing focus or something due to this like if i start to feel bored i just feel bad lol i also feel bad when i get more excited to watch english speakers than i do for korean speakers jeez it s probably due to my previous experiences with gaslighting but it isn t that major , really minor , kind of a quirk i guess \? just wanted to verbalize and also see if others go through this little thing
director of the graduate program i ve applied to said i should hear back from the program in 7 10 days on the 11th it s now the 21st and i haven t heard back i get an email regardless if i ve been accepted or denied when is an appropriate time to email the director and ask about my application decision \?
i'm asking because i'm playing a new character in eso and in my headcanon he is the descendant of hermeus mora \( that 's why he 's so naturally intelligent , and why the worm cult wanted his soul \) and i want to know if this works in the lore or not \?
is there such a thing as noise rock mixed in with prog rock metal \? like the style of shellac jesus lizard ken mode zeni geva whores helmet \( to an extent \) etc , mixed in with tool rush king crimson \( a la red \) mastodon gojira oceansize porcupine tree etc are there any bands that fit the bill \? \? p s no lightning bolt , melt banana , sonic youth , butthole surfers , swans , or mars volta
i know there s a lot of nerds on this sub , i m a nerd too so let s work together and help me come up with a sick gaming pc i m looking for a prebuilt and not build your own type of deal things i m looking for 2 monitors gaming pc wifi capable , rgb gaming desk chair mouse headset large mouse pad to fit keyboard and mouse rgb keyboard rgb budget including everything , 3500 cad max looking for good fps in fortnite \( lol \) , don t play much of anything else any advice is appreciated cheers
wrestlemania is still wrestlemania and wwe will always hype it up ast that however it seems that all the big matches happen on the saudi shows so when we get to wrestlemania they do n't have that big main stream type match to promote the saudi shows gave us hbk 's in ring return , goldberg vs taker , cain velasquez , tyson fury ect now i'm all for wrestlemania not being bombarded with part timers and focusing on the current talent like this years mania save 1 match , but anyone thinks that going forward that all the big money matches will never take place in the us again \? if so it 'll probably be a rematch i remember people were complaining how lackluster the mania and summerslam cards were this year , could this be a reason why \?
i was wondering do i need to get a gift for my friend \? he invited me just now when it s literally tomorrow and i don t have a car to go drive somewhere to buy something quick for him , but the ceremony is only 5 minutes walking distance from where i am if you re wondering how i ll get there i feel like i should get something but i physically can t get anything without a car unless i hand him cash
had an unexpected bill hit over the weekend that made my account overdraft need the funds to pull it out of negative and pay a couple more small bills before my next payday to avoid more overdraft fees trying to get a bank loan but it is taking longer than expected \( if it goes through i will be able to repay sooner \) employed full time and paid biweekly can provide any documentation requested first request so interest is flexible if more is requi
i hate sitting in public and somone walks pass it triggrs my anxiety how do i cure that \?
my university will be 100 miles from my home and i ll be staying in a dorm but i think a cheap merc would be great to get me from my uni to my home thank you in advanc
idc if you do n't even play the same games as i do lol i'm just bored asf psn acerequi
i ve recently been introduced to art pop and i love it are there others you guys know and like \?
yes , that 's not good , but it 's the truth
its just a faint outlin
allllll the girls my age are a healthy weight and have boobs nobody is an skinny as me except one of my friends , who is skinny but she still has boobs it makes me really jealous anyway , when they start talking about bras or something i go awkward and stupidly get upset because i cant contribute and dont feel like i'm matured enough or developed enough to understand them and it makes me feel humilated it 's weird knowing all my friends my age have a body part i dont have i want to know what it 's like to have boobs i want to be able to feel them rather than have nothing on my chest i want to put on a t shirt and have it not hanging off me i cant wait til i'm 18 next year and i can get plastic surgery
no like genuinely , is it the environment that s changing people like who s tatted the positivity here \? can any ancients educate 
hello ! i 've been trying to do fire plow for the past week i 've been looking at youtube tutorials and they all make it look so easy ! at most i can plow for a bit more than 2 mins but most i 've got is a tiny bit of smoke the wood does get decently hot but that 's it no persistent smoke and a blacked seared trail like you can see in any video i 've tried doing it with two people , and with three people , but again , most we got was some visible smoke i almost always can smell it tho i believe this is beech wood here 's \( \) a picture of it it is very dry do you have any tips for improving \?
i was at the store the other day and needed dental floss and my curiosity got the better of me i thought hmm maybe i 'll spice things up a bit this time and buy unwaxed surely if the wax did n't play an integral role in allowing the floss to perform its function , such a product would not exist , right \? wrong ! ! ! it 's absolutely awful i'm baffled as to why there 's a market for this what kind of masochist would purchase this \? i hope this can at least serve as a warning to anyone about to make the same mistake as i did also , if you stumble upon this and for whatever godforsaken reason you use this shit , please explain yourself
the deals seem too good to be true thanks in advanc
i find that when i'm at low mental energy \( ex i studied or worked a lot in a very focused way before \) , my imagination is stifled and i ca n't imagine what a person is talking about and can barely focus on what they 're saying are there any techniques to stay afloat while at low mental energy \? some sort of trick to process information more efficiently despite the brain being burnt out \? because as an introvert , it 's already draining if it 's small talk so then it 's literal hell
as good as the indoctrination theory is \( or is not \) i m interested to hear about some of the less mainstream theories people have conjured up edit also accepting headcanons they re really interesting
made myself a pound cake but need something that hits a little ha
i m not talking about lone wolf or situations but an actual campaign with plots and a whole different design it would be also cool if they added an ai squad to the campaign instead of being alone all the time i know that this game is supposed to be multiplayer only but i was maybe thinking of a tactical style campaign my bad guys i m just daydreaming
seeking , a woman who is open minded and accepting , to speak with ideally , i would want it to blossom into a long term meaningful friendship but we can see where things go i'm a very kind and polite and respectful guy , i like to make others smile and feel good im very open minded and i do judge others hoping someone will take interest in this post and send me a message and we can proceed towards chatting , with no expectations or strings attached thanks for reading \)
croissants are hard to make a sticky dough and you ll get your rolling pin leaving holes a wrong enveloping and youll have air pockets on the sides of the dough uneven pressure and youll have unever butter layers inaccurate ingrediets leaves you with a dough that will be to short to use many things can go wrong but we wont stop learning
made this the other night on spotify going through an emotional divorce coupled with living alone in quarantine times times are rough mentally music is therapy to me hopefully it will be for you feeling lonely playlist \( \)
my sister has next to no boobs and i have pretty big boobs and she always says how she wishes to have such a set as i do but i wish mine were much small so it is very weird why do sone girls want to have huge boobs \? they hurt my back
the penguin i kill
right window is not working any ideas \? sorry if this doesnt follow the rules were in a hurry
car is overheating when stopped in traffic at idle , but when driving cools back down to regular temps any ideas why \?
hey , gay guy here and looking for other gays to talk to preferably from the uk feel free to still hit me up , even if you don t meet my requirements lol
i did n't directly see how i died , i just sort of knew i felt really at peace and i was in my backyard just walking around as my soul it was really nic
i'm putting together a video where we all join in and we can be f up and we can support each other and there will be no judgments whether you 're gay atheist there will be no judgments i need to know what would be the best video app in order to bring as many people together and you can be packed up to the whole video you can be clean you can share your recovery you can say why recovery is b ensure it will basically be anarchy with a few stipulations
i legitimately can t stand my dick and how it makes me feel i would give anything to not have a pencil dick , literally anything to be like half an inch thicker my ex told all of my friends and all of hers about how i have a skinny dick , and it s made me afraid of being sexual with any woman i honestly thought i was kinda well endowed , i wish i could ve at least gotten older until i realized my penis was dissatisfying
i want to hear from someone who dumped their partner who they felt after the fact did it not bother you much \? did you stop thinking about them pretty soon or did it take long \? did it hurt you or did you take it pretty well \?
your friends don t call you out for your abusive behaviour \? and if they have how come you can be redeemed \? why do you deserve to be redeemed and not me \? why is it so one sided \? why do i have to have this acute form or paranoia as to why i have to wonder what i did to make people think i m a monster and a rapist
that 's all i ask for i want to stop thinking about others and just kill myself it 's not like anyone will ca
i wanna tie my ankles to the hitch of one truck and my neck to the hitch of another and just fucking let it rippppp
ive made new friends on here that last but ive been having a rough patch where anybody i meet ends up ghosting i love to kickbox , hiking , watch sports , read , and drink \( theres more but chat me for more of my interests \) amp x200b i dont like anime , discord , video games \( i play every so often \) chat me to be friends ! ! ! !
i am looking for a cuck or tgirl add me sluts
if a girl is n't into you just let it go some guy a few weeks ago raped and killed a college student because she said no that 's a special case but i 've seen plenty of times where the guy ca n't handle rejection and takes it out on the girl i get that it 's a blow to your self esteem but is it that big of a deal \? to me nothing it screams an insecure beta mal
amp x200b processing gif j4i4ycroqk961
this is cafepress they do screenprinting they handle everything and you get 5 net they take the other 95 25 minimum sales threshold for them to pay you it s so not worth paying attention to anymore that i forget about it for months and get a check for 60 every so often , usually after christmas
i just got back from work , to see a new ptr patch , seemed really big nearly a gig so i'm just wondering if anyone know 's what it is \? it seems pretty big \? maybe the next round of hero balances \? i would get on and check , but i'm drop dead tired and need a shower haha
i recently started drafting for an engineering firm and i have no experience in it i got my job because i have technical work experience and education in the field i do n't know the etiquette for this career path is a portfolio required for developing your career \? if the document is publicly available can you say it 's yours even though it 's proprietary \?
according to experts , minneapolis police allows their police officers to kneel on suspects throats in order to arrest them the tactic has been criticized by law enforcement experts , since it could constitute an act of strangulation , which is a misdemeanor or felony , depending on the circumstances however , minneapolis police had never banned this tactic this is interesting because another similar case involving police suffocating a suspect that led to his death was carried out in new york during the obama administration in that instance the police used a chokehold , which the nypd banned a few years prior given that it s not the first case , i believe the charges against the police officer would eventually be dismissed knee strangulation will possibly be banned in minneapolis , but you never know source floyd experts say neck restraint allowed minneapolis can kill 5274334002
that s easy you should know this lol no doesnt make sense silly like i don t know or care how i come across i ve lost a friend because of this stupid mistak
so i know bupe is more bioavailable intranasally than sublingually naloxone is though too is it worth it is my first question \? second question , do pharmaceutical companies put abuse resistant counter measures now to prevent it \? i noticed the pills i have contain little white specks around the pill my first thought was this was either to make the medicine gel up in your nose , or burn like a motherfucker going down
i have extreme jealousy issues why am i like this \? they did nothing wrong but i feel so betrayed and like i'm gonna be replac
im obvi bored with the isolation so has anyone read a good book lately \? i need some recommendations
did you get less acne on birth control \? if so , which did you use \?
i do n't want to get into specifics because i do n't see the point essentially , i met a girl who was perfect for me cute , same interests , and really into me we had n't gone on three dates before i really fucked things up to the point where she became too put off to continue anything i 've already accepted the blame i know i ca n't change it i'm just so incredibly disappointed in myself , regretful , ashamed of how i acted i ruined what could have potentially been a wonderful connection and now i just have to accept that and move on but how do i do that \? every time i think i 've accepted it i find myself thinking back to her again i just ca n't seem to forgive myself for this
i ve recently been working out more and eating a lot better i ve lost about 20 pounds so far putting me at 155lb , i used to be 210 in high school so it s been an extreme change from then recently i ll take my shirt off to take a shower and see my self in the mirror and i can t help but be giddy , i can t believe what my body is turning into and i ve never been more exited about something
trying to make my mind up , any input welc
heyo , i planned to do a tour of europe by hitchhiking only in march 2020 2 days before the day i wanted to start this trip a lot of european country started to close their border i had to postopone it , seems like in a few month almost every eu country will have their border open i'm thinking about doing it this fall what i'm worried about is the cold because in some place there might be temperature close to 20c 4f i 'll also be doing a lot of wild camping i plan on buying adequate equipment and clothes for the cold , but i do n't know if that will be enough \? is that a unrealistic idea amp am i going to regret that decision \?
so i m planning on getting a vinyl of darkness from konosuba i want to get one for the hood and one for the side door into the back the 2 designs of darkness that i want i found it online i just need to get it vectored \( btw can anyone tell me how to do that \? \) but i plan on going to xpress skins to have them make a background design for an already established foreground , does anyone have any idea how much this will probably end up costing me \?
the title says it all i m really bad at texting thats why i need you guys help !
inevitably a lot of women 's clothes show our shoulders , back and some of our chest and it frequently leads to exposed bra straps for people to rudely point out and complain about it 's so ridiculous there 's nothing obscene about bra straps let women wear cute tops and have support without people whining and moaning about it we should n't have to compromise because eww your bra is showing
are they always a sign of aps \( antiphospholipid syndrome \) \?
before u complain that 's not what this sub is for i tried gift of games n such my karma is too low i want a trial to use towards the sales to save alil extra money so i can buy my kids sypro and crash banicoot and such
whatever method , even in the official archwiki , i tired had only for thinkpad laptops , is it possible to set in non thinkpad laptops \?
anyone got any motivation or tips this is my first day !
is it possible to partake in witchcraft in some way , maybe performing a spell or something , without even knowing
listen i m sad and lonely in these quarantine times you may or may not be sad and lonely , but either way if any of y all wanna have a shot at being friends message me and we can chat ! fair warning though i m absolute shit at small talk other than that i think i m pretty cool \? i guess that s up to you to find out
hey hey guys , what's happenin , please subscribe to my youtube channel jblvs
you can tell them to stop but that just gets them more riled up you can get in their face but that 's what they want i do think ignoring works to a certain degree but if you do n't do anything the bully will continue all i know is to not react emotionally and not see them as a threat if they get any kind of reaction from you they win
so i want a laptop that is under 500 dollars and is great for gaming anyone have any good laptops that i can get that is great \? or basically a laptop that is good for minecraft mainly i m real lost with stuff about laptops so anyone got suggestions \?
i hate holidays ! ! ! i would like one holiday just one to actually go well , not perfect but one without violence or abuse , i d like one to be calm ! ! ! i can t remember the last good holiday i had ! ! ! i think the icing on the cake this year was telling my best friend to walk away from me because i just complicate things , reality is that i ve had a terrible night and i feel like the floor just bottomed out from under me i m gonna go cry myself to sleep because i m a fuck up ! ! !
the mood swings sometimes get pretty intense , and i kinda just want some things to jam out to to keep my mind off of things right now i'm really in the mood for some funk , but i 'll listen to almost anything i'm also up for a friendly conversation , although i am planning on going to sleep soon i do n't particularly want to talk about the breakup , just know that there was nothing that could 've been done about it from either side it was just one of life 's cruel jokes just trying to fill up the word count here anyways , hope i can find some relatable music to jam out to !
hey there , i'm 5'9 and 220lbs and i'm looking for a friend buddy thats similar to help me loose weight we could update each other on what we eat everyday and it might help keep us stay motivated at thoses times we have cravings want to cheat the diet
the classics being you 're on the list and i'm from winnipeg you idiot being the top sellers of course lol in all seriousness i would buy the hell out of those shirts if someone made th
hey all , i m alex currently i m suffering from some sort of anxiety attack i can t really snap out of it it s strange bc the reason for it is so stupid and non consequential to my life anyone experience episodes like this \? how do you over come it \? thanks for any advice \)
i heard some universities started including a policy where is u redo a course only the new mark gets included in the transcript , is this true for guelph as well \?
cause if i have to itch myself till i bleed again i m just gonna quit dx
hey reddit , honestly i don t know where to start i used to be a really social kid growing up and now i just keep to myself i only have two guy friends and zero female friends i m just looking for that one person i can marry or get settled with at this point it helps if you re more social than i am because i don t even know how to start a conversation if you can help me with that , that d be great ! my hobbies consist of reading , watching tv shows , anime , youtube , video games
i am super excited about attending the festival for the first time my friends are planning to be there only on sunday , and so i would appreciate any discount codes that i can use for a sunday admission ticket \( i only need one since my friends already bought their tickets \) thanks so much in advance !
basically we had 1 and a half dates , really good dates i like her a lot i hope she likes me back but i'm scared of that chance i'm definitely going to do it on valentine 's day if not today , i need to know if i should do it today or then
who cares everytime i breathe i save a life for example i breathe it pushes atoms to a gust then to a wind and eventually a storm the storm wind pushes a guy away from a ledge who was trying to kill himself the time he fell over his friend could get to him and talk him out of it ha i saved a guy
do n't get me wrong , i do n't think jesus was quite a socialist , but he did say that it is easier for a camel to enter the eye of a needle than for the rich to enter the kingdom of heaven too many people pervert christian values into some sort of ethnicity , an us v s them idea , rather than understanding that christianity is a system of belief where one 's soul is touched by jesus and god i will never claim to say i understand exactly what god wants for the world , but i will say this god would not want us to turn against each other , but to bring as many people as possible together , closer to him if i'm wrong , i hope god forgives 
as opposed to a more omniscient storytelling i once heard the term before but i ca n't recall the term has anyone ever played around with the idea \? for instance , all scenes except one important scene , the last scene , etc
could it be because my character is too well rounded \? its my first fallout game overall and i didn t know what i wanted my character to specialise in , so now i m level 8 and my highest skill has 45 points also my special points are all 5 s and 6 s because for some reason i didn t notice you could take away points to add to other traits or maybe it s because i suck at games in general it s just starting to become a drag at this point , should i just get new vegas or try and finish it \?
i have tried to make friends on apps like hey ! vina and bumble bff , i made one friend and she ignores me for a week sometimes and then acts like i m her best friend in the whole world but i miss my friendships of old when i would talk to my girlfriends every day i know we are all adults now and everyone is busy and all that but if there s anyone who wants to try to talk kind of regularly and not be m i a for a week that would be cool i m 28 f usa , if you are a woman relatively close to my age and just want to talk girl stuff i m h
mr white 6772 discord if anyone wanna talk on call everyone is open to 
it 's very annoying that new firmware prevents you from signing in to psn to play old games you downloaded years ago until you upgrade even if it 's a single player game i suppose never signing out of psn on your ps4 console would fix the issue but would you be able to sign out if there 's a new firmware or would you have to upgrade the firmware to sign out of psn on your ps4 \?
hey , my name is thomas , i would love to meet new people since nowadays i'm so bored and lonely alot , i'm into sports , video games \( ps4 \) , youtube , music \( listening writing \) and i love animals , i have a pic on my profile of my dog \) , please be 18
a place for members of r mentalhealthreco to chat with each oth
the snap \( \)
at least i got some much needed sleep last night after all the tears sh
interested in how single earners are able to afford to rent , pay bills own a car and just generally pay for lif
if anyone has any advice for balancing daydreaming , and real life , please comment down below i 've been struggling quite a bit , and i'm not sure what to do i 've been trying for a long time to quit daydreaming , but i ca n't do it completely i'm trying to balance it out , but it 's really hard , because once i start , the urges wo n't go away please share your advice with 
he is talking about himself for new comers , that is fuckin normal okey \? , he is talking about tron and his idea of decentrilized internet probably he will begin allnof his livestreams with these topics first because there are always new people stop braggin about these pleas
i have been best friends with him for about 10 years we have known each other since high school nothing has ever happened between us yesterday i had an inappropriate dream of us in bed and we hung out yesterday and it made me feel super ackward because i kept remembering the dream he later on told he invites me to go drinking with him because he and had gf had just broken up the night before i can t seem to get the dream out of my head i don t know how to make it so i feel less weird around him i know i don t control my dreams and just because i dreamt it doesn t mean it will happen i don t know how to block my dream from my min
im a 26 year old male and getting matches online is almost impossible i have to keep paying and boosting to get a match or two these matches hardly respond the ones that finally do and agree to hang out are flaky i have kept in contact with my ex she had hundreds of dudes waiting to go out with her she wen t on so many dates both during the day and at night 1 month post breakup and she is already seeing someone seriously i stare at my phone feeling helpless and at 0 notifications this sucks i should be able to enjoy dating and be happy as well
i saw a review of it and i was interested in buying it , is it worth the buy \? if anyone here has read it i d really appreciate some feedback on wether or not it s a good purchase or not
i find a lot of people are miserable assholes and usually for poor reasons i might be a miserable asshole sometimes but i can t change certain aspects in life things happen that make me a miserable asshole sometimes but other people who complain about jobs money lifestyle not having this or that etc can change those aspects of life and are still miserable assholes like why not fix them or move or find a new job \? \? \? \? like for all i maybe a miserable asshole for i atleast know there s nothing i can really do about it and have to just find peace in it and at my worst atleast i m not some miserable asshole living in a big city rat race complaining about my job money not having some material bs
hey , male 21 from costa rica looking for someone to chat , about anything i like anime , soccer , manga , music and food but i start in the gym 4 months ago and diet a month ago \( 12lbs lose already ! ! \) but we can talk about anything really i am looking for friends mainly but i am not close to something else but i am not a pervert instead i am very shy so i wont ask anything pervert
filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler fill
both apps are freaking slow , at least , in my cas
it just seems so easy you know \? i have some zoloft and some pain meds i m a minor so i don t drink but maybe i could just take a handful and see what happens i feel so lost and alone cutting isn t working because my razor is too dull now i just want to put out my last post and drift away even if i just pass out for a while something
i ve got questions
i 've been slowly building up a daily routine and i have an ideal one written down , with estimated times it would take to do each task i totalled up my morning routine , cleaning and evening routine and it came to 3hrs 30mins , about 20 a fifth of my \( 16hr \) day i think that sounds pretty fair to look after myself , feed the family , keep the house under control and walk the dog , giving me plenty of time for work and other things during the day more than i realised ! but i wanted to hear your opinions on it i was wondering if any of you had totalled up the time your personal and home routine took does my estimate seem reasonable \? how long is your total routine for the day \?
i m probably just being dumb but i don t know how to do it i ve gotten them to level 20
so i 've met him once and we ended up cuddling at my place i felt awesome about it because he did n't push for sex , and now idk how to ask him out again is a direct question too bold \? do guys freak out if you ask them out too quickly \? please help me , i have n't dated anyone in over 2 years
asking because i am super passionate about it despite the fact i don t surf yet haha and i literally have dreams about it and am wondering \( i m 17 \) if i could actually achieve being able to surf half well as a goal what are your tips for making great progress \? surfing is kind of all i want to do with my life and i really want to progress and get good at surfing i ve only ever gone surfing 3 times haha and it was all surf lesson numero uno i really want to pursue surfing though as it makes me so happy i live 2 hours from a beach , but they did just open a wave garden 20 minutes from my house but you know surf sessions are expensive hahah
i ca n't feel their care for me i feel like i would just be ignored if i went out there it always happens my status as a quiet extrovert feels like such a curse i 've been talked over so often , i 've internalized it they can tell me just interrupt us ! i hate interrupting people and on the occasions i do it and it works , i'm often just met with awkward silence i'm not suicidal but i do wonder who would actually miss me if i moved , ran away or otherwise either i'm not the type of person people want around , or i 've convinced myself of that very deeply
i just want to be loved i just want to find someone i can trust i just want to find a partner to get through life with it seems easy because everyone else manages to find a partner but why is it so hard for me \? it makes me feel like there s something wrong with me that makes me not worthy to be loved by choice why won t anyone choose me \?
i have a friend a girl been friends for 4 years now and i see myself looking forwards for our late night talks her phone calls everyday and generaly any attention from her i enjoy do i just enjoy being with her \?
going to try some , and since it s my first time i would like some tips to help my experience go as good as it can
salam everyone my family are american pakistanis , but we have lived out of country for several years my parents want to move back but are having trouble figuring out which city would be great for our family and muslim friendly our backup plan is tampa , fl which is our hometown but if any muslim here knows of a good city for a muslim family can you please comment below a large desi community would be great as well i know of areas in new jersey , chicago , dallas , huston , etc jazakallah for your suggestions ! !
and they put me in physics and not animal science like i requested fuck no hopefully it 's just messed up and when i get my actual schedule friday it 'll be fix
my name is corey and i live in south eastern iowa i 've got some strange hobbies that have pretty much branded me as the weird guy in my town i 've been a loner for most of my life but i have made the effort to try and date but it usually ended in failure i really just need to someone i can talk more than anything
like if therapists or neuroscience researchers had to do a study that had to do with causes experiences treatments of ocd , what would be something you 'd want them to study and learn more about \?
i have aspergers , not working at mo i go to gym , read , watch tv , browse internet on social media im boring too , do n't take pics of my food or check in anywhere rarely posts status only memes , yes im annoying
girls do n't like me i'm almost 24 and have never been on a dat
currently i'm a week shy of getting my bachelors degree in communication disorders my gpa is n't bad but it 's not fabulous enough to to get into a ms in communication disorders i'm down for furthering my education more but i want to work in healthcare i love health and science i was thinking of obtaining a masters in public health or a master in health administration this will be a stepping stool to get into a communication disorder progra
i'm waitlisted in fpf math 1b at 6 out of a class of approx 40 60 students do professors sometimes let in a few waitlistees when they are not admitted before class starts \? i heard it 's in their rights to do so if i'm not admitted and thus retrieve my position , i 'd have to take another breadth course and postpone math to spring semester , which i think will delay my declaration of major \( either econ or haas \) any advice on what to do \?
i am starting to rip my hair out from all the display crashes i am getting , which is the most stable driver for the rx 5700xt \?
we are immortal and trapped on the rotting planet , quadrillions of us are writhing in agony with no room to breathe any
or like the top of my tongu
are there ever assumptions that he may be gay or something else \?
so , i live in ca , why is john cummings texting me \? also , aoc is an inspiration , one of the few level headed , truth telling , actually taking action for the people , members of congress ! i am happy and proud to be a aoc supporter all the way on the other coast ! amp x200b format png amp auto webp amp s 2a5762f4ba233b16765f189160c6964b2e750101
literally they give no fucks , they love it wyen you cry and loveeee hurting you , it 's so sick , like whenever they torment me they spare no mercy whatsoever , how can someone be so cruel \? i thought everyone had good in them or so i thought
the browns signed odell this offseason when was the last time the bengals did something like that \?
i called her guys i m sorry also does social media stalking count as breaking nc \?
we should try him out if he is looking to sign a 10 day contract
every single day i have multiple people \( mostly at work \) ask me how i m doing and i wish i could just be honest and tell someone anyone that i feel like i m drowning instead i just say good and half smile under my mask
this is based on my observations from travelling to countries like spain and italy being in public spaces that are clean is really a surreal experience i think to myself , wow , britain really is a sh thole i understand that these are tourist destinations , so there is probably increased street cleaning and higher fines for littering but we do have tourist attractions here in the uk , and notably local areas that invest money into trying to bring in more tourism it is not that the uk is n't beautiful , but people who leave their shit everywhere have turned it into a dumpster why \?
i was thinking about getting medicinal marijuana but i heard they are strict on who can get it are these serious enough for them to give me it \?
i'm currently getting furniture to the new villagers and i have no clay left on my island and i'm not willing to spend all my nook miles on a nook ticket so , anybody down \?
i was wondering if anyone else out there took apple cider vinegar \( acv \) either in its liquid form or as tablets alongside their keto diet \? i ve been taking acv for a few weeks for digestive problems and also because i feel it has helped me become more focus and more energized but in relation to keto , i don t know if it helps at all in any way \? has anyone taken acv whilst on keto and felt it helped \?
hey everyone ! i'm one of the people building ensu \( \( \) \) ! me and my teammates have all had pretty serious mental health challenges at various times , and we 're trying to help people use their music listening as a tool for understanding and managing their mental health the app is still in it 's early beta days , but if any of y'all listen to spotify , it would be great to get you to try out the app and give us feedback you can download the app from our site ! feel free to ping me if you have any questions \)
i d like to be asleep by midnight but it takes me two hours to fall asleep now for some reason , and i go to bed at 11pm , should i go to bed at 10pm to be asleep by midnight \?
i need someone to talk to the last two days have been absolute crap ! i ve been full of anxiety and can t stop overthinking about my ex ! just looking for a couple people to talk to and vent to !
i ll be hopefully on t by the end of february early march , and i just wanted to know if anyone had any recommendations for exercise before i go on t \? i m just trying to get stronger gain muscle i d ask on a fitness subreddit , but i have suffered from an ed in the past and honestly i just can t count calories i ll relapse i feel like you guys may be a bit more understanding \) thank you \)
super hard and wish i had a bud who i could rub cocks together with to pics of babes i like just frot , dp a fleshlight , and get off to their sexy bodies together have their pics on a tv or computer while our dicks are side by side , all lubed up , moaning for them after a while i d love for you to cum all over my cock and then jerk me off using your load as lube , make me cum for these tight babes fuuuuck im so hard for this hmu braindead9559
you don t have to be anxious about opening safari in front of your family and friends because 999 porn tabs you saved for later might pop up i personally leave all my porn in private mode and then switch to normal mode but sometimes don t remember where i put it so i have to turn down my brightness so people don t accidentally seen my porn tabs
so i have been trying to find sites to download software \( anti viruses , anti malware , things like that \) and i ca n't fund any , can someone tell me any good sites for downloading software \?
hi , i just finished phoenix in action and i wanted to do the exercises , but with no luck code is here \( chapter 12 \) in action \( in action \) the exercises only allow bids that have a higher amount than the current high bid don t allow bids on items after the item s end at date and time have passed only allow the creation of an item if a user is logged in associate newly created items with the logged in user display the bid date time in the user s time zone \( it s currently in utc \) i do n't know how to move from here could somebody help me \?
so , i had an idea i want to start a group text on imessage for us bros to talk and hangout if interested in being added , shoot me a message with your info ! \( name amp number \) please , be over 20yrs old !
pic in post history if your too far lets chat on kik
i want to use the console to get my queen pregnant by mehrunes dagon , but i do n't quite know his i
i once lied on a post because i wanted some one to feel better \( it was something about falling off a bike \)
since march the bottom of my left foot has been twitching and only stops when i need my foot my doctor is not helping and i m at a breaking point how am i supposed to fall asleep \?
is n't it meant to be 0 or more sequence of either one \?
i 've seen this episode and the rest of scrubs at least 20 times , but i did n't even think of the question until now jd couldnt tell kylie that her boyfriend has gonorrhea and i was wondering if doctor patient confidentiality applies to sti 's i'm not trying to disparage the show or anything in the end it 's a tv show and some things are ignored for the plot i'm just curious if that 's how it works in reality are there any doctors and or lawyers in here that know the answer \?
i cant stop crying
anyone else have this with the m4u editon \? anyone experienced in this know if it will spread \?
as a terran player i 've always thought this for a while they 're weaker than cannon and bunker and also have the least offensive capabilities something like shorter build time would help against early game zvz and protoss early pushes
so i just finished a way of kings and loved it any other epic fantasy series recommendations \?
i have one question specifically , but first a little background i'm a high school senior that 's going to graduate next year and i'm going to apply to rhode island school of design i wanted to know , would it be a good idea to post a small sample of the comic i am working on right now as part of my portfolio \? i would also appreciate other advice as well , but that 's my main question any feedback would be appreciated tl dr i'm applying to an art college and wanted to know if showing part of my comic would be a good idea
i 'll have to find a way to regain a rythim , break old habbits with new ones , and not think of porn and distract myself from life problems haha that always gets me back to fapping cheers to the next 90 days of hell
i am in the process of negotiating a step increase and hr has asked for recent pay stubs i have provided older pay stubs since i am laid off what is the best way to go about this negotiation \?
here s the message hey all , quick word of warning for those that have gacha channels we all know the hater thats been going around reporting gacha channels and getting them removed , and they ve found a way to work for youtube i suggest doing this if you want to keep your channel safe someone has gone all stressed out and i know that it s not going to end well , i m probably going to be kicked out of the discord server for doing this yeah , that s it
not a big dick problem but a question i wanted to ask anyways do you guys ever experience the feeling of a fuller dick if you go a few weeks or more without masturbating \? i feel like i have but it 's really difficult to go 2 weeks anyways been trying for months anyways i think when i get to going that long it feels like it gets maybe an 8th to a quarter inch thick
i just deleted several that were either oh it 's not that bad , you can get better and then one i was talking to , and i asked what got him down and he went this and that , but you know what \? i started working out and taking better care of myself an
title , just looking for an ecchi comedy similar to those shows above thanks in advance !
if anyone looks at the jordnan realese calendar for 2017 the rest of the year looks wack as helllllll best shoe is the bred 13 and flint 13 other than that no confirmed og jordan shoe it 's so dry what y'all think jordan will drop this year \?
i disabled windows defender all together yet it is still going i do n't have a third party anti virus installed either so why is this process still running and eating half of my computer 's ram \?
i love to have lots of sex , it 's important for me , i want it so much so of course i'm not asexual but sex without a mental spiritual connection is so gross for me , i actually ca n't do it , but i do n't mind having sex with someone just based on emotional connection without actual relationship i hate hookup , one night stand , casual relationship or sex amp i never ask any girl if she wants to be in relationship with me , i just prefer to be friends , spend times and then emotionally get closer it 's the best so what do you think \? am i a demisexual \?
tonight i had a really bad anxiety attack and i decided to record it so people could see the true side of mental illness i do n't know if it will help anyone but i think a lot of people will be able to relate \( \)
not sure how it affects them but i'm sure it has some sort influence she might see that 's it 's normal for parents to do these kind of things it 's something i would be aware of if i was dating someon
maybe not everyone but it feels like most people are putting on some sort of front of course we all do n't know each other and you do n't want to be an open book to just anyone but there 's a very superficial feel to it i think everyone is worried about if they fit in and is very conscious about how they come off
i'm thinking about my first rpg more specifically , i was thinking about making a strategy based rpg set during the seven years war french and indian war and have no idea how to go about it
the last couple days i ve noticed some brown discharge i m about two weeks out from my period still any ideas on what this is \?
there is a video where he rants about teleporting being shit and dying and how the world moves ect can anyone remind me what the video title is i ca n't seem to find it thanks in advanc
my female cockatiel is about 1 and a half yo 2 years old she rips the paper in her cage continuously shredding it she typically does this at the very back of her cage and says a few of the words we have taught her and does some light tweeting altho she 's not very vocal she eats fine and everything but just in the last few weeks has this started happening she also will nip at me if i try to remove her from her cage whilst she 's doing this i'm wanting some opinions or help as to if she 's okay or not
so i ve seen many people speculate if we get more than two fatalities per character in mk 11 on this subreddit with the trophy list being leaked it seems like every kharakter still \( only \) gets two i m not necessarily disappointed with this , since boon and his team are already working hard on this game but what are your thoughts on this and the generell idea of even more fatalities \?
it seems rather odd to reboot a series , then go back to the original instead of continuing the reboot if they had always planned to continue the original , then dmc may as well have just been a remaster of the first game personally i'm rather dissapointed i do n't like joining series' late , and with the original series already at its 5th game , i might never join the its playerbase i did however play dmc , because i could experience devil may cry without having to go all the way back to old games and catch up i would have played dmc 2 , but it just feels too late to play the original series \( and i simply am not going to skip games straight to the 5th entry \)
i ca n't stop cutting i 'll start cutting and i 'll see another sliver of flesh that has n't been cut and i wo n't stop and cleaning the blood up is so ba
i have been struggling with anorexia and bulimia for around a year my best friend used to be there for me , but i did some really dumb things and lost them , along with my whole friend group i have distanced myself from everyone things like birthdays and holidays have lost their warmth i feel like i m deteriorating
anyone also take a while to draw \? to me i 'll draw and it will seem like i'm taking way too long i guess everyone has their own pace but i just want some thoughts
it went soo well we sat in the park and spoke for almost 2hrs and she even asked me herself when we will meet again the best part is i wasnt being awakard the whole time , i just spoke to her comfortably and i can also relate with her so much also im going to make another post soon asking for some advice for our second date please do help if you can
i 'll be honest i'm not looking for a friend , but just wanted to ask something i have always noticed how do people know other people \? i mean really people always seem to know everyone else in high school people knew people from schools , but not me in college now and everyone knows other people relationships are a great example when one does n't workout it 's like most pe op please just have another person there waiting in line like what 's up with that \?
i opened a paypal account with a country that i dont live in , because mine wasnt listed the three digit prefix in monaco is the same one we use in my country , so i went for that one will this cause me problems \? i wanted to buy something on depop and this was the only way i could do it i informed the seller that she has to write another zip code when she sends the package , but i m not sure if this whole thing is wrong and things won t go well has anyone else experienced this \?
bitrate 3500 preset veryfast profile high i just do n't know what the problem is according to this page on twitch \( \) i should be able to easily i'm trying to stream for a person and it 's just not working i have a ryzen 5 1600 , 8gigs 2933hz should n't i be able to \? edit by not working i mean , i'm dropping 99 frames and whatnot
i'm looking to shoot models i 'd like a recommendation for an inexpensive camera that is basically point and shoot for a beginner i want a camera that is professional looking but not crazy expensive as this is going to be mainly a hobby
i dont really feel like cutting myself but i feel like hitting things and hurting my self or that i should be bashed anything to put these thoughts onto something els
christians or any religion interpret their scripture as allegory , but then say it is literal history \( even though there is no to little cross references \)
hypothetical lets say i just got dva bombed and it crashed my shield , and then lucio booped me if i had a bit of shield , i could save myself from the boop with the shield bash , which is really using the jet boosters on her hunchback but no , since my shield is down , my jet boosters apparently no longer function and in a game that hacks mccrees roll and soldier 's sprint , ok , fine , whatever well played on the enemy teams part , i guess but it would be nice to be able to get the boost without the damage and stun theyd probably have to change her animation and idk if it would still go into third person to do it , but yeah just a little frustration
ruined a week of progress with an unholy holiday cookie b p session that s left me a shaky tired mess that s what i get for drinking 400mg of caffeine on an empty stomach and thinking i could leave myself alone with my racing over caffeinated brain tis the season to be bulimic , ho ho h
this quarantine has me mind goin wild my guy i am wanting to just meet some new people and i would like long term freinds but short term is fin
i dont feel the same as i do on my other pills \( half of u31 or half of cor136 \) my psychiatrist put me on the new shire mydayis 50mg xr because it was 3 a bottle \( some promotional thing from what he said \) for some reason i feel better taking 2 halves a day \( productivity wise \) than the shire anyone having somewhat the same problems \?
just looking for some good friends to talk to on a long term basis im a dialysis patient with way too much free time my interests are classic video games , sports , tv , reading and hanging out with my pets doing dialysis 4 times a day makes for a lonely life at times and would love a few new friends thanks for reading ! ! !
it s been more than a year but i just want to tell you that it s still you we were young and naive but believe me when i say , i have changed for the better i regret breaking up with you and i wish you d take me back i know i hurt you but i swear i won t let go of you any
what if there was a music listening party app where everybody could tune in and enjoy the music at the same time \? there could be a hashtag for it and we could all talk through it and feel connect
the ending was very emotional to me i m so thankful for everything this show offered in the last 10 years what a perfect way to finish
i want a very obedient and slutty girl or cucks add 
gpu igame gtx 1080ti vulcan ad graphic card gddr5x pci e x16 3 0 video 32818914685 html \? spm 2114 search0104 3 9 10eadd1qudmrf amp ws ab test searchweb0 0 , searchweb201602 4 10065 10068 10344 10342 10343 10340 10341 10084 10083 10618 10307 10303 10302 5722316 10313 10059 10534 100031 10103 441 10624 442 10623 10622 10621 10620 10142 , searchweb201603 1 , ppcswitch 5 amp algo expid 2c87f663 a7c3 4c37 b98b 63305e2d2d9b 1 amp algo pvid 2c87f663 a7c3 4c37 b98b 63305e2d2d9b amp pricebeautifyab 0 p s not only that but gpu 's from usa or china or other outside europ
imagine the world where governments wouldn t stress about quarantines , flight lockdowns let s say , china just hid the fact of the virus and completely erased any informational trace of its existence wuhan deaths \? just an extraordinary flu season let s imagine , who would completely support this and say no need to worry , everyone , keep it normal and even despite everything , years would go on without any actions what would be the absolute worst case of the pandemic \? how will the population scale with time \? will humanity just build up the immunity at some point \?
so i do n't know if this even belongs here \( if not , can you tell me where this belongs \) , but i am really bad at maths and my memory is not the best , so can you give any advice how should i start learning this and i am into media things like editing , making videos and web development
you don t have to be that good , we could play comp tho if you want , here s my psn odgaming1214
well i m sorry i can t give you a hug \( unless you re from the north west \) but i can try and help fill in that loneliness you re feeling by talking to you we can talk about anything you want , even about how much we miss hugs and human connections lol if you re a little interested \( or just wanna talk about hugs \) you might wanna look at my profile as other posts have more about me \( and you can see how weird i am by my posts \) and hopefully i ve interested you enough to get a message lol if not have a great day and hopefully you find what you need \)
unplanned i was surprised it was at times even brutal i thought it was really well done i am willing to answer any questions about it !
i do n't care even if it makes it run slower i just do n't want it to explode i also think that 's a dumb feature but ok
i believe it makes it harder to let go of the person , when they are being sweet while still saying they dont ever want to see you again i have had breakups where i expressed my need to end things and cut things sharply and it was still difficult but much easier i wish some of the guys who ended things with me , didnt answer me back after they end something with me , its so much easier and faster to get over things also i dont mean ghosting , i mean just one long text expressing you dont want to continue to see the person does anyone relate \?
he 's moving this week he got mad because i did not want to see him tonight because of that , it is likely that i will never see him again in my life and that 's what he had to say about it \( the quote in the title \) i do n't know what it is about that sentence , but reading it made me burst into tears he spent 2 years stringing me along and causing me so much emotional anguish attaching and detaching making me constantly on edge , questioning where we stood part of me is relieved it will be over soon but part of me is so hurt about everything he has put me through
maybe i'm retarded but i recall there being a video like that i distinctly remember a video transition at the end where the camera pans out really smooth and steven starts explaining the editing process
i'm terrible at introductions but just got hit with a nice smack of the flu \( getting tested for covid asap \) and i hoped to maybe find somebody to play splatoon with , animal crossing , maybe stardew valley \? i have other games but im braindead at the moment on other ones with multiplayer , lol being stuck inside now almost kinda makes up for being an essential worker the whole time ! thanks for reading , stay healthy
im new to this and this is my first attempt i went to almost 50 pharmacies and could only find promethazine based cough medicine and not codeine i 've tried using promethazine and sprite and the color turned out to be a foggy yellow which surprised me its been 3 hours and i still do n't feel a thing which probably means promethazine does n't work in lean , or i'm just really stupid any advice \?
does anyone know if it will destroy my hydration bladder \( camelbak , platypus , etc \) if i fill it with alcohol \( i e sangria \) \? tomorrow is canada day and i'm not sure how else to carry it around i planned on filtering out the pulp before putting it in th
i wanted a 1470 should ve gotten it this time made a few dumb errors and i ended up with a 1410 i m almost positive i didn t omit any questions and i m pretty sure i put the right answer on something i got wrong that may bring my score to a 1430 but it s still not good enough i doubt it ll end up increasing regardless i have to apply ed too \(
for me it s that through your all of life s unpredictability and craziness in which i often have no choice but to take the backseat i can feel in control of something that has order and fullness it gives me a sense of everything is going to be okay because i can create order to the craziness what about you guys \?
if what they say about you is good , you ll start smelling strawberries if what they re saying is not good but it s good intentioned \( like someone s legit worried about you and wants to help you \) , your mouth will taste like cotton candy if what they say is bad , they ll start throwing up uncontrollably right on the spot
sub4sub \( \) comment down after subscribing to me with a link 4 your channel so i can subscribe to yours
anyone else feel this way \?
i play on android is there any way for this to be fixed \? my ribbons are gone , my cemetery is empty it 's like i never played at all
i don t think i m being over dramatic i brought it up in a mature manner i had to point one out and he was like oh i have another one so he didn t even tell me it s a huge turn off knowing that they re there \( he has collage style tattoos so it s pretty all over the place \) looking for unbiased opinions thanks
my rabbit just got put on a new medication for his respiratory infection his poop just came out a lot lighter and tougher than usual it looks like it 's made of just hay it 's usually darker than that is this normal or is this a temporary side affect of an antibiotic \? he 's only been on it for less than a day and he did n't take the full dose \( \( new syringe spilled most i think \) \)
no friends no girls ca n't even buy groceries without having a panic attack i am a grown man but i am no man at all just a coward tours over for me all i can do is ldar till the day i di
now that it is actually daylight hours i will once again attempt to find people to help with behemoth psn is nightwolfxvi
92 of top ten billboard songs are about sex it has been estimated that more than 100 million love songs have been recorded , and the variety is staggering and what do we do now \? listen ! ! ! !
shouldn t it be the death \? i m putting la before other words and it s giving me the word the too for example la amigo translates to the friend but la muerte translates to just death also real hasta la muerte translates to real to death why isn t real to till the death \? \? \?
rip susamaru was gonna be new waifu but here we are may her , and her balls rest in peac
age is just a number , you can still be the same person you were ten or twenty years ago if you dont embrace chang
i recently got my medical card and decided to opt for thc capsules , but they do n't seem to work on me i generally like edibles for the high i get , but hate the taste so i went for the pills problem is , i'm consuming an amount of thc that would normally put me on my ass \( if it were edibles \) , and i'm barely feeling a thing is there something i'm missing \? does this happen to anyone else \?
i just turned 27 last month and feel like i'm still kid compared to people around my ag
i 've searched for online tips , watched some videos here and there , but i got interested in singing a week ago i obviously sound terrible , and pretty much have no idea how to sing so i decided to take singing classes next week , from monday to friday 6 8pm with the hopes of improving a lot any tips to get me started meanwhile \?
what are some things you left unsaid , but wish you wouldn t have \? the goal is to get the words out in some way an attempt to let go and move forward i left without saying insert response please share ! i would love to read everyone s reply !
hi everyone ! my nmom constantly tries to use me as an emotional dump she s either complaining about her marriage and childhood or fabricating imaginary problems to dwell on at this point , after the support of this awesome sub , i know that it s important that i set clear boundaries and stick to them i ve been trying so hard , but i feel like i m failing , and i feel like i m failing because my boundaries aren t clear enough does anyone else ever feel like this \? any advice is appreciated i just don t know how to set such a vague boundary , that is basically telling her stop telling me all your problems and constantly asking for help
ps i just want to ramble i dont wanna talk about anything serious
took two 7 5 325s about half an hour ago \( \? \) i drank some lemonade with it , i was wondering if this affects it at all or not , absorption wise at least , cause it felt like it hit a bit faster than usual also ate a hot pocket as i took the hydros so i dunno thank you for replies !
so i have been thinking about this for awhile has an american ever gone over to japan and made an anime or manga \?
i really want to get into this since i love murder mysteries i ve written little blurbs if someone dying or about to kill someone but i ve never gone beyond that i ve tried to look up things but i ve gotten no where i mean i know i ll never be on a stephen king level but i want to explore and broaden my genres in my writing
i created this account to be able to talk to other people since i had no one to talk to due to homeschooling and my health i wasnt ready to develop a relationship back then \( ptsd \) so it was perfect to still keep in touch with others \( somehow \) i feel so much better now about myself and so much happier i no longer feel lonely even without any friends i finally enjoy being alive ! one year really changed me a lot just woah i cant believe i made it
we can pick in turns i ll sit through anything you link though i prefer shorts \( the more macabre the better \) , obscure music , travelogues , history documentaries , street walking tours of lesser known places , or just wordless videos of how to operate things like steam locomotives \( these things are like asmr to me \) we can get to know each other through our taste and reactions to stuff if we get along maybe we could play something on the switch and doze off together anyway trust me i m an awesome late game carry if you 're lonely too we could join forces and kick ass , or just zone out and be lame togeth
i loved the flashbacks in sottr and i was thinking that it would be cool if they brought them back for the next one , but integrated them further into the story for example , there s the usual story of lara trying to find x in place y , but every few chapters we flash back to her at university or whatever and we see her researching the artefact the information we learn in the flashback will coincide with what lara discovers in the present they can also be a little goofy and slice of life y maybe it s the artefact lara originally chartered the endurance to find before they were wrecked and she got drawn into the ordeal with trinity \?
i'm suffering from the problem that i'm really only dming to get a gaming fix because i ca n't find a game that fits both my schedule and style i'm legit feeling like dming is a chore more then a joy and its frustrating
just to forget and repeat
he is gonna be a sore loser if he goes to jury so i think production wants him to stay but the amount of stupid everyone would be for keeping him is ridiculous dani probably wouldn t use her power which is a waste for one for two tyler was coming after you before you put him on the block and your actually gonna keep him so he can send you home cody doesn t realize he can t be tyler in a final 2 situation and would hand him the win memphis is literally just sitting there and nobody cares there just gonna target two people who are no where near strong targets then if one of them wins backdoor david they aren t playing big brother to win honestly nobody cares about making a big move and it s disappointing
i got some jeans hemmed and they came out kinda off i took them back and the seamstress fixed it but did n't take for account the ouster hem , so they are still off i decided to just buy a new pair and cuff them but i'm not sure if it would look good on a short stocky guy any advice \? thanks
i really love subway metro tunnels and their atmosphere i already played cry of fear \( i loved it \) and i 've heard of the metro series is there more games where i can explore metro tunnels \? horror games would be perfect only pc pleas
i feel alone fuck you world fuck you people i dont have friends and my family sucks ass i hate them i hate the people i know i'm just the guy they talk to when they need something never ask how i am you wanna know how i am \? i'm collapsing , i can barely get out of bed i feel anger i feel sadness you fucking never take the time to know the person besides you fuck you
hi guys i have nearly purged out my first draft of a screenplay although its all mostly word vomit right now , i 'd like to go through it and submit it to a collective or free script coverage service basically someone who is keen to read it and say yes or no and point out flaws i 've seen something like this online recently but ca n't seem to find it anymore , do you guys know of anything like this \?
grad student here ! next thursday is my last session with my aphasia patient who i ll have seen 4 times a week for 6 weeks what can i do to make this session special \? we will be going over an aphasia friendly progress report but what can i do with her afterward \? we have our sessions on z
i \( 16f \) am in my first year of community college i have 30 credits and need 60 to transfer to a 4 year college so i ll probably transfer next year i ve been thinking of taking a gap year but i don t want to waste time and money people who took a gap year what are the pros and cons \?
i 've just found out through online tests and research that i am mdd my whole life i 've reenacted scenes in my mind , spent hours daydreaming , had trouble distinguishing dreams from reality , etc my question may be dumb but is this not normal \? \? obviously it is n't , but i just find it amazing that people do n't do this ! ! what is it like to not be able to do it \? \?
willing to buy fake designer , lol
title says it all trying to get best framerate smoothest gameplay help with optimal pc settings and spec recommendations as im upgrading my pc i run on an msi 72m vr 7rg apache pro laptop if that helps
i bid on a nationality region sweden scout and won , cause i want to buy alexander isak it does n't show up when i try to sign him though , it 's not available for me to select anyone else ever have this problem \?
isaiah was beyond overjoyed upon receiving your amazingly cool card thank you so much he is so happy to put it up on his wall like his older sister has started doing
i have a free weekend with no activities if any ladies would like to get out and do something hit me up
it s the last two classes i needed ! ! ! i had to take medical leave 4 years ago and this is my first time back in classes totally forgot that maybe i shouldn t have done both at the same time lol oops
i bought tickets for my mom 's birthday to see dweezil on 4 21 in pa we 're both big zappa fans \( she got me into zappa \) , but i'm probably more familiar with his music i'm 30 , she 's 53 apostrophe and absolutely free are two of her favorites , and over nite sensation and we 're only in it for the money are two of mine any idea what to expect \? !
i can t handle all the negative anymore be mindful of your attitude and what you can change in your life take responsibility also , what do you like about your job \?
i was lonely before her and after she left it feels worse now , i don t remember how it feels ever until it s over i like to watch tv and movies i try and exercise and eat healthy just lonely all the time i meet romantic interests and nothing compares a friendship would be nice right now i m in my 30s
loki from the film son of the mask arrives in asgard through a portal , but it isn t the asgard he knows there he finds hela proclaiming herself queen , something he finds amusing and confronts her about the two quickly ready for a battle to decide the new ruler of asgard loki does not possess the mask but has all his other powers fight is to the death bonus hela gets her brothers as reluctant backup
ask me anything literally , im her and ready for a convo so dm 
idk if this is the right sub to be posting this on but idc i had a weeks break off school for half term and my drama teacher set me 2 essays to do and i genuinely completely forgot to do them over the past week , and they re due in tomorrow she s the type of teacher who flips out when you haven t done homework and the classic excuses of oh i left it at home have grown tired and i don t have a lot of time tonight to do 2 entire good quality essays i know it s my fault but i m sure none of you are so perfect that you haven t been in this situation bef
im torn between biochemistry , chemical engineering and bio engineering and i do n't know what i want to major in engineering is sure a hell of a lotta physics and math how do i decide \?
hey my name is brad i am from alabama and i do have a southern accent i was born and raised on a farm we had 200 head of cattle , 2 , 500 acres of crop and 4 chicken houses with 100 , 000 chickens i am now an occupational therapist i have a dog \( gypsy \) , a cat \( jewel \) , and soon to have a new puppy \( genie \) i enjoy the outdoors , sports , working out , movies , video games , fishing , etc i am a very laid back and easy going person if you would like to chat feel free to message me ! i hope if you took the time to read this that you have a blessed day !
i'm looking for super wholesome romance manga that do n't shy away from the ecchi elements i'm looking more for the wholesome side than the ecchi side , but the ecchi side is a good plus any good recommendations \?
what personal tips and tricks do you guys have for dealing with personal anxiety while at work \? usually distancing myself from my phone works but my thoughts are always just racing i just want to go home and sleep but i work 12 hours \(
hey everyone i am in the process of making a mental health app that i think could really help a lot of people in this group i put together a quick survey to gauge interest and to gather feedback would love all of your feedback and thoughts if you want to talk personally , dm me ! feel free to send the survey to anyone 9iy34daxb1zrbwclllevw78n 9yiaw viewform \( 9yiaw viewform \)
i have no clue why so many people are so opposed to the original i just had a discussion with someone in twitter and he said that everyone he talked to said to not watch the original i have only watched the original and think it s great , when i got around to watching brotherhood the animation style ruined it for me if you prefer brotherhood to the original then i would like to know why is that \( and vice versa \)
does changing to a bigger carb but maintaining the same block add more power \? i am thinking of changing the carb on my 110cc bike to a 125cc carb the manifold of the exhaust has been modified i changed to a bigger manifold while there be any effects \?
has done the most for our country than any other president before him i hope he wins in novemb
i ve got an extremely capable pc that i built in 2018 along with an ultrawide monitor all this probably cost close to 3500 but i just never really enjoyed playing on pc all that much i want to move back to xbox but feel like such a consumer when i have a seriously capable pc that does the same finding it hard to justify getting the series x
i should stop posting them no honey it 's just you who got no sarcasm in that empty component
re edited view poll \( \)
but people are getting scraps for hours \?
almost a year ago someone very close to me randomly cut me out of their life and blocked me from all forms of communication i tried getting into contact with them to talk about things but none of my efforts were accepted now all these months later , i notice i was unblocked i ve had this entire essay typed out for months , and now i finally have the opportunity to send it i know it s petty and i know it won t change anything but i so badly want to tell this person what a coward they are and say everything i ve been holding in so should i send it \? is it worth it \?
only i get this dick and ass only i get to get to ride this beauty and listen to my sexyboi moaning only i get to get my cum sprayed all over my body be jealous
i m seeking advice ! i would love to move to the outer banks i m currently living in florida as an environmentalist but i m looking to leave the state the outer banks look really beautiful and a fun place to live i believe as an environmentalist i could find year round work without an issue \( \? \) i m also a young , single adult who s looking to make friends and have fun i like to boat , fish , scuba dive , ride horses , and drink ! so , is the outer banks a good idea for someone like me \?
i mean , i get it it 's pubs i do n't actually mind being in a 1v2 situation considering it provides some challenge but i do mind that when it happens 3 times in a row so i was wondering anybody else was this
hello ! this is u cookie wall this is the place where all the free plugins and sample packs end up we read them from the post and add them into the list below ! feel free to post any we have missed below , and message us with any suggestions , but overall , enjoy this sub ! from the mods
eyy i hope y'all are going well ! my name 's lucas and i'm looking for a friend or two to just talk and chill people say i'm a very good listener and imo i can hold a conversation , tho it 's pretty hard when it 's only one sided ngl i really enjoy music , computers , video games , tv shows , but we can talk about pretty much everything no judgements , you name it and i 'll be there ! long term or short term i do n't mind just hmu , maybe we can be friends \( lots of love , l
when i went to take a bite of the oatmeal i made myself for breakfast , i was so thankful i looked down the bowel was filled with writhing maggots
i will be gone for at least a week \(
the title is pretty self explanatory but i feel it should give 1st 25 tickets 2ed 10 tickets 3ed 5 tickets or even 2
without further abuse \? \( it would have lead to sexual though likely physical as well \) is grooming abuse \? even if it doesn t last long \? even if i understood it was grooming and went along with it but still got attached \? even if i still miss him sometimes \?
so , i really liked my bowdoin supplement about diversity , and i connected that to building bridges between communities with some examples i really liked that essay can i use it for the uw diversity essay , with some specification towards uw \? also , can i just use my bowdoin supplement \? it connects well with the diversity statement of uw , and clearly states how i will use my diversity to benefit others \( something uw stresses \) , or do i have to explicitly mention uw \? i'm not sure how to tailor it to uw , as i feel like i say what i needed to say in 243 words any advice \?
i drove for a really long time and found myself in the middle of nowhere this looks like a good place to shoot myself but i still find myself wanting to consider all of my options before i do this , even though i doubt any thing will help at this point should i go to a hospital \? i do n't really want to , my parents will be pissed , and i do n't have enough money for any medical bill i 've tried crisis lines and text lines , those are more for venting and just repeating what you say back to you i do n't even have enough money for an online counselor any other options \? i do n't think anyone cares , but i 'll even take half hearted advice at this point
new to the area , how are the joints around here \? i'm asking as someone who wants to be one of the service girls mostly trying to check the environment , so if you 've ever been to one as a customer or otherwise , let me know if it 's wack , i 'll stick to my day job
recently turned 18 and signed up for an amazon payments account to earn some side money within 3 hours , the account was suspended and customer service hasn t been no help either i ve read somewhere that people need to have filed a tax before in order to use mturk any help would be appreciat
thanks to the 3 young men around 19 21 , and the fourth man who was originally the guy who raised the question , who was about 24 years old this occurred at the melbourne cricket ground tonight approx at 9 00 pm , look up the mcg and see just how big this stadium is as someone with a intellectual disability , i was not only happy but i gave myself a harsh self talk and made sure i wo n't lose my wallet again
title says it all really but a bit about me , i'm geeky , love animals and will talk about absolutely anything as long as you 're over 18 hope to hear from you soon !
hi maybe someone didn t tell you this today , so i m here to say it hope you re having a great day so far if not , ask yourself could you have done better \? make tomorrow better was it in your control \? it wasn t \? then i hope the universe gives you a better day tomorrow my dms are open for you xo p
would love to meet some people on a discord and play some classic halo mutiplay
hi folks , m19 here me and my girlfriend are so happy together i in the first place have never felt so good she s beautiful but she feels like she wants to put braces on to fix her slightly off tooth and of course , if that makes her happy , i m even more happy to support and encourage her to do it i m just not particularly into the braces look never been a fan of course it is for the better and to be clear it wouldn t change what i feel for her like not at all lol i also don t want to sound selfish , because i do respect her , a lot but from you know , is there anyway you think could help to go through this in a more positive way \?
i sent out my resume to a huge well known bank just for the shits and giggles , and now i have an interview next week it 's for a low lvl position \( basically glorified call center rep with more responsibilities \) , but the company is known for hiring high quality people lmaoo what 's going on \? i have absolutely no exp working in this field i mean i happy they picked me and i really hope that i pass the interview , but i'm just kinda confus
i don t know why i feel the need to say it i can t keep running away from my problems so , i m planning to it tomorrow at night i hope it works
i'm trying to trade a shiny raikou to my ultra friend who missed raid day but it says it costs 60k starduat i looked up the trading cost chart and it says it 's supposed to be 80k for an unowned shiny or legendary at ultra friend level i was under the impression that trades cost 1 4 the stardust right now which should make it 20k does anyone know why it 's saying 60k \?
i m honestly sorry for camping up there in my little rat spot and shooting y all from above , but i finally got chumming done so thanks if it gives any solace , i didn t get any ledx today in the ultra medical storage room \(
tltr took alcohol sleeping pills so idk if this is bad or im just overthinkijg this but i think i fucked up , so long story short a drank some alcohol , q bit of jack daniels , and then i remembered that i read once that since alcohol causes similar effects to a sleeping pill if you mix both , you could get a stronger effect , and umm , honestly even thou i feel fucking greqt right noe , im a bit worried dince i took 4 sleeping pills , could that srriously hurt me \? or will it be just like a hangover \?
amp x200b ! img \( jp8p50tjqsu31 \)
haven t played since 2011 2012 or so , of rs3 i returned to the game this month on a fresh account so far i m 1400 total level and 150 qp i am ignorant of most of the games content since everything is new \( normally play old school \) i d like to know what sort of goals should i be aiming for short term and long term \? any important quests or various things i should prioritize doing first \? thanks
i'm becoming an aggressive person idk what 's wrong with me i'm just tired of people telling me what to do and taking advantage of me ! i try so hard to do the right thing and make a living for myself but i keep getting screwed over ! i do n't care if i ca n't park in the grocery store parking lot ! it 's big enough for everyone and i park there for college and walk to class i do n't care if i ca n't do this i do n't care if i ca n't do that fu and fight me wtf is wrong with 
can someone help me understand if this is actually agoraphobia or just anxiety \? i m okay going out at night when my neighbors are presumably asleep but in the day , being outside where my neighbors might see me gives me soooooooo much anxiety also i can be dragged to go to the store or something \( if someone else drives \) and with face masks i feel a little better than normal but again the idea of being in front of my house where my neighbors can see me scares me i always used the side entrance parking spots but since my car has been parked in front of my house i ve left it there for weeks i m too scared to go to my car and have my neighbors see 
you know how when it comes to motorcycles you won t fully understand what its like until you ride one \? a grom is that for motorcycles i got the pleasure to drive one today , and it was the funnest little thing i ve never had so much fun before going under 25 mph , grinning and laughing at how ridiculous this little machine is i would never have imagined 125cc s would feel the same off the line as a 250cc s but the grom is so light and nimble i got bonus laughs for wearing high vis gear and riding a color matching green g
i ll begin attending a university outside of a psa the website states that i may be able to get a referral from my pcm , but i don t know if this will apply only to specialists or if i can get one for a general physician i d like to retain my prime plan , but i ll change to select if necessary does anyone here have any knowledge that could help me out \?
a place for members of r uglygirlsneedlove to chat with each oth
when i was very young i receuved little to no love my mom was an utter bitch 24 7 except for one time , when i fell ill she used to feed me while i was in bed , she used to tell me she loves me , i used to lie in bed instead of going to school and have her all to myself now i kinda like falling ill even though she wo n't take care of me now amp x200b idk how to feel about that
does anyone know what that symbol next to the location names on the travel menu means \? the symbols look like 3 sticks i wish i could show a picture but this sub reddit wont allow it
does anyone know how the minions are coded to respawn \? some games there will be one side that constantly respawns minions in mass and almost seems like one team gets b the whole game without anyone on their team touching it are they based on score what team is in the lead \? timed \? based on minion count maybe \?
get these waves of pressure building up to then splash through you i do n't really know to describe it beyond that
does anybody know when it will be released or how far with development they are \? i personally ca n't wait to try them but ca n't for the life of me find any new info on it
i watched my peers do all the things i wanted to do i had 2 friends commit suicide and my uncle and cousin died i m in a job position i despise with a passion i kept praying to god , asking him why i know it s selfish but why can t get what i wanted for onc
like on the frets after the 12th frets what is that called \?
so robert house was born this year in the near future \( to pose that sentence as paradoxical as possible lol \) who would celebrate that day \? well , i should probably ask , who has memes ready \?
hii looking for some nerds to hang out with who got the same interest in me preferably stuff like anime , gaming , and music rn the only games im playing are valorant and ffxiv but i recently got mhw i 've seen a lot of anime but i have a myanimelist if you wanna know what i like k pop , jpop , a lot of underground rap is my thing too i gotta discord if you wanna talk a bit hmu
that s how i feel right now and it s the truth too i am so fucking creepy and disgusting and pathetic and i make everyone unsettled and have horrible urges and desires and difficulty controlling them and i don t try hard enough to help myself i have let the evil side win i m sorry world i suck so much please don t disagree or sympathize with me or say anything kind i will feel even worse like i m just manipulating strangers to reassure me how disturbing and pathetic i m a complete creep and everyone should stay away i can feel the disgust and fear and maybe a little pity everyone feels for me when i am my authentic self completely unloveable how could i love myself \? how could i accept myself \? like this \? no way not yet i m a disgrac
thought i 'd put this on a separate post rather than on the profile ! 
it s only been a day but i already feel so great and clear headed even being sick i just feel so positively of the future ! ! i don t even have any desire to smoke it s just not me anymore and that feels good to say
decks 03 12 16 mardu aggro this is a very early build as in , i 've only played two games with it but as i test , i 'd like to build a list of new cards to consider essentially , i wanted to combine the best parts of r x vehicles \( the good vehicles key unlicensed disintegration \) with a goodstuff aggro shell out of this format 's pool \( and some fixing worth a crap \) mana base is wonky but works surprisingly well , and i'm gonna swear up and down that butcher of the horde is a good card i'm interested in tuning this list over the next couple of days anyone have any thoughts on easy no brainer upgrades \?
amp x200b group of friends on discord we have n't known eachother for that long anyone is welcome dm me for invit
a lot of times we get stuck trying to impress or make the other person feel something that is n't happening if you got something going that things just happen naturally you 're not thinking , pushing , or forcing anything to happen
maybe i need a thick skin or maybe old isn t for me seeing someone who i matched with disappear in my match queue is driving me insane i know guys won t stop doing this but , that s their loss , some of us are gonna quit using this app altogeth
just kind of broke in a bad situation and looking for a hand rjo is the best
i tell my friend a lot of my personal feelings and deep thoughts because i trust them and consider them a close friend however , i ve realized they don t share their personal thoughts and feelings with me i don t expect them to but it s made me feel like maybe they don t see me as a close friend i don t want to bother them with my thoughts or be nosy asking them for theirs should i back off on this friendship \?
20m i use a tri
i m 16 , and this was my first relationship ever we had been close friends for 6 months , and met through a mutual friend it lasted for about a fucking week and i don t know what to do i feel silly for getting so emotional , but i honestly don t know what to do i learnt a lot about myself , and am gonna be a better person in the future , but rn i feel like a mess i feel kind of stupid for getting attached so quickly , but we were close before we got together and now it s just a huge mess
i feel like i ca n't relate to this generation at all i have a friend who , whenever we meet , we used to watch anime we would either watch something one of us has seen but the other has n't , or something neither of us has seen but lately , we would watch like 1 episode , and then friends of his \( one of which is technically supposed to be my friend as well but has n't called my new number that i gave her yet it 's been a month because she 's been busy yeah for a whole month \) would show up , and they would start smoking , drinking , and i'm just sitting there bored wondering why am i even here \? , as someone who has never smoked or drunk alcohol , and never intends t
i m stuck at home alone can you show me some bday love with psych references please \)
has anyone ever made or come across course descriptions or syllabi for the classes at hogwarts \?
have a nice day people !
my internalized homophobia is the source of my self hate how do i get rid of it \? fillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfill
whenever i connect to a wifi connection , it shows 2 wifi symbols , one the normal one and one with a handset under can anyone explain what that is \?
i'm a student doing his doctorate in pharmacy , i'm a poet and a whale singer , i love music like most humans , my artists include tame impala , cigarettes after sex , weeknd movies includes eternal sunshine of a spotless mind , interstellar be your weird ass with me , let 's talk about stars , talk about revolutions , ideas , whatever you want , surprise me , so let it roll see you in my 
literally the only logical explanation if you prefer pancakes over waffles i genuinely believe you have a taste bud deformity caused by inbreeding your preference for pancakes is degeneracy
hey i just got a hold of decoracha , and i'm seeing that there are a lot of differences between it and the original version , futuracha , that make me sort of prefer futu over deco trouble is , it almost looks like they 've removed the ability to acquire futuracha pro , or maybe i do n't understand the site that 's currently , supposedly , hosting it i'm really not sure , i spent like an hour looking for a copy of this font from a legitimate source , to no avail does anyone know why i ca n't seem to find a solid , primary source download for this font \?
ok , so i am tired of hearing or seeing how well others get along together i made a new friend , he is social and good for him that everyone likes him this often happens to me , make a new friend and telling me that x or y person that we met is talking to them but not me good for them good for them that random guys i meet care about them but not me they act all nice to me but they do not bother to text me after and such good for them and i am not a teenager or so , i am just at the point in my life where i have accepted that i am not gf material and i have to change so many things on me in order to be accept
so i had my 2 wisdom tooth on the right side \( up and down \) 5 days ago and it went pretty well i had meds that i was n't able to feel too much pain during the healing process however what bothers me is the numbness i 've been feeling since that day in my lower lips and chin it feels thick and numb i feel like it was left alone while my gums in the operated part was already healing i'm just worried if it 's possible that a nerve was actually damaged \? or is it normal \? or am i just being paranoid \? pls do notice thanks !
i do n't have future , i do n't know what to do , the pain is to much , how should i move forward in my life from this
hello my name is kathryn i have a ba in human services i graduated in 2019 i am a leo here some hobbies i have or do daily reading journaling coloring in adult coloring books going to the beach to get sea shells poetry but do n't write any listen to music baking physical qualaties red head or blonde or light brown hair green eyes like bright green eyes average weight personality qualaties very down to earth laid back no mean bone in their body jsut someone whos soft spoken is slightly introverted quirky is n't mean spritited if that makes sense isnt vlugar respectful when it comes to certain things would perfer someone in florida or within the united states regin age range 25 31 no one too old or too young
i was swimming in it and it had like an almost straight jagged shape and varying shapes it felt liminal as i swam i noticed a big swimming pool light and i was scared anyway this really weird irregular shaped swimming pool what it mean \?
i play quite a lot of games and i am interested in finding more people to play with , i apologize for not leaving a lot of info here but i suppose we can save that for later conversations message me and we shall begin talking , thank you for reading
1 high violet 2 trouble will find me 3 i am easy to find 4 alligator 5 boxer 6 sleep well beast i really do n't understand why i ca n't get into boxer and sleep well beast
two years ago therapy ended with a psychotherapist details aren t as fresh as they used to be but i still think about this person everyday we ended on a bad note because i crossed boundaries she told me to leave her alone which i did for two years even tho i ve been googling her searching for idk what something to make me feel connected again anyway , it s been two years and i want to tell her i still think about her and if she has any capacity for me in her life how can she know how i feel \? i want her to know
i think it s funny to throw an insult then compliment , and repeat but does it actually work \? my master pickup line is so something about your appearance ok makes me automatically hate your vibe but i still find you attractive i haven t actually tried it before though but i think it s super crafty would this go over well \? is it too mean for a push pull jutsu \?
yellow said she wanted to fix the cluster \? ! \?
anyone else like this \? i dont know what to say sometimes
could i post covers on this subreddit \?
i grew up watching white people and i only know stuff about white people i am a writer it feels like if i write about white people there will be backlash it could be provocative to many who think i have no idea what being white is like i have no idea , but i 've seen it in action what should i do \?
i do not like to talk about video games anime music what is on netflix or any boring generic conversation like that , that s been talked about is many times
hello there , i'm currently attempting to write a quiz round of 'who said it , wizard or celebrity \? ' and have hit a wall on more quotes to use if anyone either has some goof quotes by fictional wizards , or quotes by celebrities \( currently i have jaden smith and kanye west \) that could theoretically been said by a wizard , that 'd be much appreciated !
somehow there will be totally different titans much stronger than before , including flying ones willy tybur will be eaten by eren , gaming the warhammer titan sasha will die somehow at the end of the war , marley will have control of some of the island and paradis will have a new eldian empire within marley eren will cause genocides
i have been feeling like cutting my ankles i don t plan on cutting deep , probably just until it bleeds i know that cutting anywhere is a bad decision , but is this safe compared to other places \?
i like a more bassheavy sound , and i have a second pair for running and stuff , so idc about the sports aspect
hey guys i'm looking for someone or a group of people who would be willing to play some cs go valorant valorant is my first exposure to tactical fps 's so i have no clue what i'm doing but it 's a really fun game i 've since started to play a little bit of cs go but not much the only other shooters i 've put any significant amount of time into is overwatch and apex which obviously are totally different basically what im asking is for someone or multiple people to help teach me how to play cs valorant cuz theyre fun games but i just have no reference points for them if you 're willing to help a noob hmu no flame pls 3
hello guys , i am from singapore and thinking of travelling alone to japan or australia for my graduation trip in june but do n't really have a plan yet it will be my first time travelling alone so i am a little nervous about it i am hoping to find a travel buddy who 's interested in either of these places do hit me up if you are interested !
does anyone know if the hurricane is going to impact uisd just wondering
i'm my country sex before marriage is looked at as disgusting , indecent never have i seen people be talkative about having the highest status to attract the opposite sex why is it so in the west \?
im not sure where else to turn to i have a grad intern interview in 6 days for pharmacy i am trying so hard to understand metrics and our scores and i can t do it alone my pic and sm are currently unavailable \( long story \) and my dm hasn t responded to my emails ive reached out to other pharmacists but no one responds i ve been reviewing metrics , our score cards , wecare , my patient care , etc i understand everything separately but not as a whole , how all the metrics put everything in place between appe rotations , assignments , working right after rotations everyday , making sure schedules and daily things in pharmacy are done , i m getting worn out if anyone has any advice or help i would appreciate it so much , im really struggling , pleas
if i had wanted to waste my early twenties , i would have gotten pregnant and had a ki
what if i do n't want to be okay what if i'm okay with just wasting away what if i do n't want to live another day
i don t even feel like all the things it tells me are true but it constantly tells me that i m a shitty , useless person not only that , but it makes me believe things that simply aren t true like someone saying something minor does not mean that they fucking hate you ! ! ! i hate to live in this stat
currently , you ca n't use them in combat , as requiem does n't allow changing armor in combat
one with a lot of words , not for beginners since i'm definitely not a beginner any such books \?
we do custom missions like dive bombing fleets with sbd formations b17s vs factories and german planes 1 nation vs another nation head to head battles in the air spaas vs low flying helicopters and no beyond visual range 10km ka 50s 1 maus vs 64 m22s you name it ! come join here ! \( follow the rules so we can all have a fun time \)
pedophilia is an attraction to children i 've seen people being called pedo because they 're 18 19 and dating people 2 or 3 years younger than them wtf \? people are clueless
so i chatted with a guy on here for like a year and he randomly blocked me for no reason he is u skunkshep telegram username shepshepreh please help get my online buddy back thanks
hello i'm new to all of this and am intrigued by it all i would like to better understand how my genetics plays a role in my health and well being for starters , there is 23andme and ancestry i recently had just found out that 23andme offers the raw data needed for promethease without getting the health package , which costs significantly more with that said , who offers the most snps per dollars spent on the test \? are there any test providers that provide other worthwhile perks \? thanks
i'm in high school rn i worked hard throughout the entire school year , but since the beginning of quarantine i 've barely done shit now i feel like a lazy idiot i'm training myself to work hard now , but how do i forgive myself for those past few weeks of not being up to par \?
i have a crush on a guy and i talked to him a few times when he was only with 2 3 others lately he 's only been in groups of 15 and there 's no way i can approach that many people i do n't know what to say either help
i have a gaming laptop and it s kind of meh , i m curious what would be needed to actually strea
so often when playing breakthrough or conquest my team will capture an objective together , and then fuck right off to capture the next one , leaving the first one completely exposed to be re captured by the enemy this is how you lose games ! \( and also because of no team balance \) so what i m asking is for some of you to exercise a little patience and be the one to stay behind to defend the objective and bring victory to your team !
services needed i would like a nice twerking video 5 to 10 minutes long budget 20 30 requirements i prefer latino or asian south east or east asian striptease or in the shower are optional but not required but that would be great must be a verified user and only reply to the tread payment methods cash app , amazon , apple , and other payment options
my sister forgot her laptop in her locker at school today and my dad went absolutely ballistic screaming , swearing , spewing insults and he punched a hole in my sisters bedroom door \( luckily it didn t go all the way through \) i don t get why he s so mad the laptop is in a locked school , in a locked locker \( that nobody knows has a laptop inside it \) and nobody other than my sister knows the combination to the lock ! if my child left their laptop at school i wouldn t be happy but i wouldn t have a mental fucking breakdown
sgv 29 m4m losangeles i have an offer to make for my fellow curious guys out there i want to take it in my ass hopefully today if you are able to do that for me , then i can definitely include you in a threesome with my girlfriend if you 're interested please shoot me a message and once you stick it up my ass i will give you further details about the threesome with my girlfriend and myself she is an older latina bbw curvy and very horny
hmu if you re interested ! i can answer any questions you have as well ! the goods \( \)
as in what regions get stimulated and what not
tell me \( your online gf \) your darkest and most nasty fantasies without any judgement i 'll try my best to help you with it if i can tell me what you like i do n't send my own pics start with this and i 'll reply also do n't forget to mention your asl when you dm only here for reddit chat wick
it s a digital coach that helps in difficult moments like anxiety , stress , panic , anxiety , repetitive worrying or procrastinating \( \) the chatbot guides people through quick and easy to use exercises , such as short meditations , mindfulness and cbt techniques the goal is that when you leave the site , you should feel better than before i hope i can help out a lot of people this way \)
both are excruciating pain my first love cheated on me after two years and left me for another girl my second love of four years just got dumped by me and i can tell you it s very painful he has a porn addiction and won t have sex with me and lies about it constantly and i ve been through so much and fought and fought for ya to work but he needs to want to help himself so i left him two days ago i can t stop thinking about him , i feel so lonely and i feel like i ll never find someone again \(
title my laptop recognizes the boot drive but won t actually boot into tails suggestions \?
as someone from a jewish background it 's very easy to see certain religious people have very casually homophobic views i think religion is bs myself but the other night i was eating with my dad by my neighbor when the dad there goes on a little speech about how the media makes it okay to be gay now what the fuck \? also for obvious reasons i'm not coming fully out until i get my own place but i find it amazing how religious people use religion to support their homophobic views
i'm so confused rn i did the bad things again and again and again , i was so happy but after that i cried and cut myself
a week or so ago i remember coming across a post where someone commented a link to an excel sheet that has a list of roads in california and their rank and details about the road i m trying to find it because i m driving down a new road tomorrow but can t does anyone else know of it or something similar to it \?
i met someone on a dating app we ve been talking a little bit and they are super cool , but possibly too cool for me \? \? they are adventurous they snowboard , hike , travel a lot , have a lot of friends , go to concerts me i don t have friends , i m very introverted and a homebody , i draw , watch movies , i have never traveled , and i m not adventurous or outdoorsy it sucks when someone is super cool , but then you are the problem is it worth it to keep talking to them \? i feel like they will end up not liking me because they probably don t realize how opposite we actually are any one have any advice \? or opinions on polar opposites \? \?
utm medium ios app
i m in the beginning stages of making a tribute video idea i had i wanted to use footage from one of the many youtube channels that have uploaded the cutscenes but they all have in game subtitles enabled and i think they ll get in the way thanks
i ve just bought ufc 4 , played the other 3 extensively and got pretty damn good \( 320 90ish online in ufc 3 \) but i m having trouble denying takedowns at the moment due to my muscle memory being set to ufc 3 just did the career intro and got 4 first round ko s in the amateurs , should i play on hard or go straight to legendary \? thanks
i m in the mood to chat about kinks with ppl their kinks and mine and what turns them on the most i m curious message me ! x
in singleplayer everything is preety smooth , its always 30 fps except maybe for a few seconds i might get a drop in fps every now and then but in online i keep getting drops everywhere , maybe its just on the original ps4 , but pls let us have an option so we can have higher fps , this is why i hate it when games go on console only
the kind that you cutout with cookie cutters and fill with icing and use the metal tool to smooth out the icing !
but because of the things you did to them , they are gone now how did you react \?
here s my trainer code , please send gifts back 3416 7456 9611
goodbye guys i love you
i just seen that pic he sent of her of doll covered up , if my bf \( if i had one \) sent me that kind of photo i would definately not be laughing like she did , i would be asking wtf is this and why did you send this photo \? \? ! !
has anyone else been accused of being abusive when confronting bad behavior \? i made the mistake of calling him a narcissist once in the heat of the moment , and now he tries to throw in those little digs at me every once in a while i question his behavior \? i m abusive i wonder why he mocked me for no reason in the car the other day \? i m a narcissist who only thinks about myself am i really over critical \? am i abusive \? do i really have no right to question someone else s behavior towards me \? has anyone dealt with this in a partner , parent , family member , or friend \?
not really trying to be mean , but what 's with the splits \? why does everyone here want to be able to do the splits \? i mean i could see stretching your hamstrings etc giving benefit to everyday life , but what 's up with the splits \? i mean who cares \?
i finally have enough money to buy a car because of a 5000 refund from my college \( 19f \) my mom is against me buying my first car with my own money that would also be under my name she wants me to buy the family car from her she claims that she ll never use is out of nowhere i do not believe that based upon her past abusive behaviors i feel like she is gaslighting me i also feel like she does not want me to be independent for some creepy ass reason i feel like it intimidates her this is the same woman who tired to ground me at 19 and threatened to attack me because i didn t want to do the dishes for the 500th time in a row thank you for listening to my tedtalk
i hear it clicking at night like its turning off and on , its kind of creepy actually since its in my room i have a pending update for 6 0414 will this fix it \?
i currently take a fish oil supplement that has omega 3 fatty acids and a magnesium citrate supplement but for reasons i am considering replacing these with diet now , i am not sure if it 's true or not but i think i 've heard that omega 3 from fish is better than omega 3 from nuts \? is this true \? is there any difference \? also , while i can see what foods have magnesium are any going to have it in the form of magnesium citrate \? thanks
about every woman that asked me for a selfie online either went you 're so cute or so handsome come and find out for yourself , and , in the meantime , help me take care of this bothersome boner before i have to leave the house sc papo2202
it 's my last semester of college and i'm still too nervous to start a conversation with my classmates everyone seems to get along and they are all quite outgoing which kind of intimidates me i always want to talk to them but i get to nervous that i will say something stupid or being creepy
reddit changed their icon back from black to their original orange it had been changed to black for black lives matter so does reddit no longer care about black lives \?
hey everyone , i was wondering how important is it to have the right friends when you are single and are dating \? and how is your social life doing \?
do n't know what 's happening i had okay speeds yesterday did n't check but my laptop was n't angry i ca n't even run a teams call for work i ca n't check the stuff with the ubiquiti unify ap because it 's only accessible by my roommate i'm pissed and i do n't think this is the system for me because i struggle to understand it so much i pay for 500 500 over wifi the first test i did got me 480 420 which is totally fine now i ca n't break 100 on any out of like 7 speed tests what do i do \? i already reset the router and it 's doing slightly better can anyone help \? i am missing work currently because of this
there are so many drivers in orange county it 's crazy i cant even schedule to dash anymore , and the whole stealing tips thing is terrible so much stress and bullshit within one delivery and they steal from you \? is postmates better in irvine or brea area \? any tips
once the lockdown of my cities area is lifted i can have time alone to successfully exit this world without being seen
so i decided to replace my battery and with a good one too off of amazon , made sure it was decent i replaced it , pushed everything back into its spots screwed it all in and now my phone keeps restarting i unscrewed it and pushed the battery part down again to make sure that was n't it , and the issue is still there ca n't back it up without it restarting on me edit doesnt seem like it 's getting charge at the moment , ill wait and see on that
i'm from michigan , so i guess i'm biased but it annoys me how whenever a european tries to do an american accent , they always either do a southern or new york accent , i 've never heard someone do a midwest accent , are we really that forgettable \?
morning day or night ya 'll , celeste is on my island if anyone wants her diy stuff , in return i ask for the items on this list i have , i only want to catalogue \( \)
so i just spawned in , checked out big red , then went into the garages next to it and killed a hatchling and then suddently i had only 5 more minutes on the time i rushed to the old gas station and could extract , but on my way to it i encountered another full geared pmc and i wasnt able to loot him , due to the time running out was it intentional by the devs , because they are running an update or was it a client sided error \?
i rarely get diarrhoea , and my stool is never well formed instead my stool is broken up into little bits it s extremely frustrating because it causes discomfort all the time like no matter what i do there s always more little bits causing the urge to go my bowel movements are incomplete every trip to the bathroom i ll often have several urges to go to the toilet in quick succession with only a few tiny stools coming out , or nothing at all it s pretty annoying going back and forth to the toilet like this
for me it was my friend nick \( rest in peace \)
boring friday night netflix pornhub and jerkin lma
i don t like how objectifying porn is , so the porn i watch is usually made for women \( like the stuff on r chickflixxx \) other than that it s audio made independently , not by giant porn companies so i feel like that s more ethical i m just wondering if it s not ethical , or if there are bad side effects i mainly watch vanilla but sometimes some light sub stuff should i stop \?
my anxiety at times is very high especially when interacting with people , i have tried a few different measures to suppress this but to little avail
let 's be friends and maybe more fairly open on age , legal of course , and body typ
i have been given a trial shift as an apprentice chef and i just wondered what are they going to expect \? they know i have very little experience in the field and they have also said i won t be insured to use the equipment i was just wondering what exactly they will be looking for \? if anyone has any insight i would greatly appreciate it
i am trying to get back into yoga so i feel comfortable going to a studio when the world reopens my house is entirely plush carpet , except for the bathroom and kitchen , which i'm not loving since i'm used to practicing on a hard floor does it really make a difference \? has anyone ever heard of laminate wood area mats that can be used as a gym floor \? i might have made that up from wishful thinking thanks !
this may sound like a silly question but why is it necessary to keep your knees slightly bent if you re performing arm exercises with dumbbells for example \? i notice it a lot and was wondering if it helps you perform better or is better for your body alignment overall
hello i'm a pre everything trans woman i'm looking for someone to love and care for my only requirements are that you 're 22 or older and live reasonably close to pennsylvania my hobbies include writing , playing bass guitar , animal crossing , listening to music and audio books , and hanging out with my birds i recently bought an electric guitar and am trying to learn that too i'm looking for someone who is supportive and who i can support back i am by no means perfect , and i do n't expect you to be either a doughnut for your ti
i have strep fucking throat and no , you do n't get that from sucking too many dicks
hey guys ! glad to be getting back into the game i would just like some help getting my dragon knight back at it since playing around launch \( 6 years ago gt lt \) from what i remember i geared him for magicka , sword shield and staff i know it can be reworked but would just like a bit of help getting back into the swing of things as i get a lot of anxiety trying to figure out where i left off i have all the skill points still , but i did put all my points in magika i 'd really appreciate any help of getting back in the ga
strongest in terms of their pokemons power amp battling ability may has some really good mons she has a blaziken , wartortle , glacion , and a venasaur brock amp misty have megas but outside of that their pokemon are n't all that special i
hey ! i thought i 'd give this a go again ! i 'd love to find someone who 's open to being flirty sexty while remaining friends , someone to feel good with ! i 'd also love to get to know you as a person not that it 's a requirement , but i 'd also love to talk to someone who 's also into art you can stalk my profile if you want to know a little bit about me , i'm an open book , and i 'd love to talk to someone else who is open minded and chill tell me a bit about yo self in your pm dm ! !
my mom came to my house the other day \( i was not home \) and she put all the ash from my fire pit \( around one ton \) in dozens of my fruit trees according to her it is good for the trees
they always get top recruits but seem to disappoint for the amount of talent they have he put arizona back on the map in 2011 by making the elite 8 unexpectedly then he was pretty successful getting them to the elite 8 but losing unfortunately to wisconson both times then i think he started to tail off after that a lot of 1st and 2nd round exits as a high seed with top talent i think maybe the bar has been set too high you can feel the frustration starting to build in that program its final four or bust
does it help \? what are your experiences with it , might ask the doc if i can try it next ti
i have a loved one who was using it every single weekend and it was affecting his work because it took him a day to recover if you use coke every weekend or every other weekend is that addiction \? what is considered cocaine addiction \?
i 've seen so many posts of people saying they 're x hours into the game and wondering what all the fuss is about like cmon it 's like you 're asking for it people watched got for 7 seasons before getting their dreams shattered at the end finish the game first and then come back later to tell us what you thought man
a few days ago i transplanted my lavandula heterophylla and smaller lavandula angustifolia into bigger terra cotta pots i used a mix of half kellogg potting soil and all purpose sand today i noticed lower half of some of the stems are turning a yellowish color ! what could be the problem \? are they salavagable \? should i re plant them \? i m a little worried that the porting soil i put might be too rich for the plant pics thank you ! !
hey guys ! i am the donovan , i am apart of a non profit organization dedicated to the arts , we are doing a holiday spectacular that celebrates allllllll the holidays \) we are looking to add more dynamic measures to our show ! \? anyone want to join us ! \? we want to create dynamic make up looks for our holiday spectacular ! if you are in atlanta and want to join us thats even bett
field day as a single op in the basement sucks , i m an extra class who likes or work weak signal and the overnight please , please if there are openings at your club s event , tell me where i need to show up
i started this project in april , 2017 as of now i have completed the loop \( southern portion of downtown chicago \) i built the city on a bit smaller scale due to the console setbacks , such as the render distance limitation and the size of the world this project contains all structures in the southern loop of downtown chicago , and depicts accurate heights and representations of the skyscrapers as i progress , i will continue onto the northern portion of downtown chicago note that the l train is missing as i am still planning to implement it suggestions and feedback is also greatly appreciated , good bad that being said , thank you ! \) psn fishsaucer link \( \)
she is having her first halloween party , and she was nervous so she asked me to come with her \( it 's not a costume party \) but i'm going to show up with corpse paint on my face , slit leggings \( those pants with slits all the way down \) and combat boots i wonder if it 'll embarrass her \?
hi , i have excellent credit and i took a special introductory interest offer and did a balance transfer now , i do n't need that credit card anymore as i have three credit cards totaling over 50 , 000 in credit i just feel that is too much liability so , i was going to close one credit card that i paid off will i be penalized \?
i feel really bad for thinking this and even worse for saying this but , i don t want help right now i m more interested in what s wrong with me first i hurt myself physically and mentally because it makes me feel better i like being mean and very unpleasant to myself but i don t know why i wouldn t waste too much time on this pathetic post or waste time thinking about a pathetic bitch like myself but , it s a question that i have had for a long ti
i thought i was tripping but wow it was beautiful ! i hope im not the only on
i just found petty cash from work in my wallet that i forgot to return over a month ag
they consume smaller companies , take 1 or 2 projects they think look good , full it up with microtransactions , destroy the studio they took it from , then have the nerve to sell it for 60 , they fucking killed kotor 3 i hope they go bankrupt , i know it will never happen , but i want them to burn sorry , i just got a little mad after rewatching the syar wars 1313 trail
i just watched and i find it really intersting
the air of which i breathe , through clenched and rattled teeth how am i to believe these tribulations don t set me free \? around my neck resides that which grips and is held steadfast my bones crumple and crunch , just as feeble , dead branches putrid red and guttural green are all i see selectively , i aim for the concrete nightmarish in fruition vulgaric , this decision though , my thoughts throughout scream , in protest and prohibition of the unending decision my lips drain to blue my blood runs , so cold just as an unnamed river flows , trickles , drips , alone forgotten and unknown isolated , i m so late , and constricted , it comes so strictly , at the cost of my woebegone self , ended so swiftly
i m looking for someone to show me and my friend how to not be bad at space engineers i am in the east us time zone but my friend is on the west coast so really anyone in timezones between would be helpful message me if interested and i ll send my steam and a discord link thank you !
the song is great but it s the ending that gets me it s chaotic yet soulful well done guys well done !
this is just out of curiosity i always see it in movies and tv shows as well as youtube but i never really asked myself this question until now so , why \?
if you are curious on what i look like , look at my posts
so basically all i do is work , id really like new people to talk to and get to know because my social life is definetly lacking i work nights and that probably partially has to do with it cuz im asleep when everyone is usually awake a little about me , i have two cats and a dog , some of my hobbies include gaming , watching netflix and youtube , working on my car , and watching hockey or formula 1 ! id really like to switch to another platform to chat so it would be cool if you 'd like to do that too ! i 'd also be down to voice and or video chat i tend to get along more with people who are n't super shy but if you are its cool too shoot me a pm if interested !
bored and lonely , wasting time on reddit , listening to music
i 've been wondering this for a while , with all the fentanyl going around in heroin and opiates in general i see od 's all the time however i 've never heard of a meth overdose do people die from this drug \?
not sure what to put the flair as , i apologize if this is the wrong flair anyways , do you guys think it s possible to have to fps \? i know fp is a made up term , but for those who do use it , what do you think \? i have two friends that i really really love and idolize and consider both of them as my fp , but i wanted to know if it s possible to have 2
i ca n't take it any
it doesnt actually need to taste that good , i just dont want to let all this chicken go to waste ill take any recipe that will make them palatabl
i have never really gotten into furaffinity but i know it s a furry website social media i know that there s a lot of furries who use it but i m just wondering how it is for artworks and gaining commissions \? before i make an account i want to know if it s worth it what s your experience with fa \? \?
i tried it out yesterday , beginners volleyball , and i was scared of the ball , the team lost because of me i'm sure serves i can handle , but i do n't know when i should act etc i'm not sure if i should continue or if i will drag everybody down , there is always the option of badminton in which i can act on my own instead , perhaps it 's too late at this point for me to be a part of team sports \? i'm not su
i love anime girls so much i don t even eat , sleep anymore to the point i stare at the thighs for hours , is this some 2020 new sickness \?
i ll meet someone over facetime \( covid \) and then they ll suggest we make plans for the next weekend , safely with masks and all coffee plans possibly then poof disappears and i never hear from them again what is going on \? i don t care if i get ghosted after talking texting but why suggest making plans together and then just never follow up \? i spent the whole week not committing to any concrete plans because i knew i needed to spare time for this , come friday and no communication at all from the person that wanted to do this
i'm 18 and i'm still a virgin but literally nobody can understand that no girl and i literally mean no girl wants anything to do with me and i'm still a virgin , does anybody else feel the same \?
brand new player and just wondering if its worth spending 6 hours to beat the campaign if it doesnt drop exotics or does it still drop them \?
i let someone help me out with a glitch , he stole my psn info , changed my email and password and messed with every game i owned he then said he was planning on selling my account and i wouldn t get it back \( i got my account back with ps support \) just a warning , stay safe you guys i know i shouldn t have trusted him , he did not fail to fuck me 
service \( s \) needed vanilla cam show , would like face and to be done by skype over the phone for views and angles must feel comfortable taking directions my cam off budget 3 5 a minute specifics \( requests , kinks fetishes , time requirements , etc \) 10 15 mins , vanilla , toys required type of seller i'm looking for \( age , race , dom sub , body type , etc \) cute , sexy , bubbly , thin to average and curvy preferred payment method \( s \) cash app or ven
every day i get up fine it s the same old email my daughter and my toddler grandson \( plus her totally worthless sperm donor \) just sucking the life out of me i m waiting for my 55 place to open up but long waiting list feel like a bad grandmother because i don t wanna play all day i would like to get up and do what i want to do i ve already done this i tried it all i can t think of anything left to do i can t turn cat into dog people are what they are i had to put my 12 year old cat down last saturday never really got a chance to go off and be by myself some time alone nobody seems to ca
mostly active group looking for active new members it gets slow sometimes but i ask that you give it a chance and we can work towards making a great group \) pm me with your kik name and a little about you if you 're interest
the contest in question is the international youth math challenge you ve probably never heard of it , but it s an online math challenge where you progress in rounds two of the three rounds are free , but the second round , the prefinals , is 5 i recently made it to the prefinals , but i feel like this worsens it s credibility and is just going for my money i originally entered the contest because i hoped it would better my application , but now i m not sure if it will do that because of the paying aspect also , i m questioning the credibility of the contest because it seemed pretty simple does anyone wanna check it out and tell me what they think about the contest \?
after watching the games on saturday the xfl seems like the g league version of the nfl am i m the only one that thinks this \?
i fucking hate this shit every time a have anal with a girl she always fucks shit up and is in so much pain that it ruins our whole night and than i go play ps4 till she wakes up and we get breakfast anal you always fuck shit up for me i m done i m seriously don
why is this the case \? i'm 25 and have been playing online since i was in my early teens ever since cod 4 i remember the n word being thrown around basically all the time even when the person saying it knew the other person was n't black i'm just curious as to why it 's the go to insult for almost everyone in multiplayer games
no one seems to be talking about her masterful hidden strategy anymore hmmmt
1 \) iron maiden 2 \) deftones 3 \) karnivool 4 \) gorillaz 5 \) blur 6 \) marina amp the diamonds 7 \) cyndi lauper 8 \) arianna grande 9 \) sonic youth 10 \) aerosmith 11 \) david bowie 12 \) mariah carey 13 \) demi lovato 14 \) avril lavinge 15 \) bill withers 16 \) the killers 17 \) alicia keys 18 \) the almost 19 \) lamb of god 20 \) pantera 21 \) the cold war kids 22 \) the good , the bad , and the queen 23 \) sia 25 \) lady gaga 26 \) regina spektor 27 \) justin timberlake 28 \) lorde 29 \) christina aguilera
i m looking for organ hymns and songs that are well known , particularly christian church music thank you
superman escape from krypton going 100 mph backwards is pretty fun and the drop is surprisingly intense even more so than the launch
can heal , buff , debuff , cc , area of effect , ranged , dmg , dmg over time , burst , tankiness , modility , summon , summon consumables , guides projectiles , mines , shielding , cc resistance , fast match making , frame invisibility and juke \( to those who know how to cheese with teleport will understand what i mean \) , and some pvp specific abilities to make life of your opponent miserable \( respect all valkiries who got hit by remove all buffs ability \) only weakness is worse gear , but it 's countered by abilities and some bosses might focus them since duh they are healers
achtung achtung ihr jungfrauen , homos , inzestu se troglodyten , chromosombruder schwestern , kohlenstoff basierende lebensformen ich habs endlich geschafft ! nach 344 versuchen hab ich heute wieder \( wie jeden mittwoch \) dise s e jenny gefragt und sie hat endlich ok oida zu mir gesagt ich dapacks nicht jz is nur die frage wo solma heitaren \? sie will schikimiki traung mit pfarrer und 4 stelligen kontoabz gen , darauf sagt der bebo so inshallah warum nicht standesamt und dann ansaufen beim martin das hat mich zum nachdenken gebracht aber was denkts ihr burschen \? view poll \( \)
min maxing my char for 35 int bloodmage amp hellwalk
i realized i kept thinking in a way where i was saying i should feel like this or i should not think this way judging yourself does not do anything positive and it just hurts your self image my therapist came up with the saying do not should on yourself \( get it haha \) try to not use the word should when thinking about yourself it does not matter if you should be feeling sad or happy , your feelings are your feelings and do not judge yourself for that self talk like this can really help in the long term for me it has worked well for my self imag
the stuff i'm learning right now , i could just research it on the internet and get the exact same education but no , i have to pay 20 , 000 a term for four years for a piece of pap
asking them to stop there i already posted that
i learned that tomorrow there will be a kind of free for all on twitter , where you have 280 characters to pitch your manuscript and agents can request it by liking the tweet i haven t begun querying my manuscript yet , but i kind of want to try pitmad but is it a bad idea to start with this \? would it hurt my chances with agents when i decide to directly query them later , would they be like oh i remember seeing this awful pitch from pitmad thank god i didn t click on it into the rejection pile u g
hewwwo more after some kinda connection then just someone to play with , i require we voice chat \( have discord ! \) and i would prefer another girl \( sorry gt gt \) i 'll host a fresh new world on normal survival \( you can voice any opinions you have on that though \) and we can make a house together or whatever x3
that is all carry on
because there are alotof cultural influence on faith children of a buddhist family and children of christian family are n't equal a man who grow up in a christian family is more likely to believe in god and bible thats not fai
hello everyone i'm a 21 year old guy and i'm very lonely in my life it 'd be great if i make some friends here most of my friends left me i'm currently studying in college btw if anyone is interested \( i do n't think anyone will be \) then they can dm me thanks
does anyone else feel or think they are extremely emotionally immature for your adult age \? i link it to my trauma , the experiences i had in my life and ways i failed to cope or pers
i hate everything i feel like everyone hates me and i feel like i m just a waste of space and just be better off dead i hate it all
i drive a 2014 chevy spark that i literally live and sleep in , and it turns out ive been driving on a busted head gasket now the engine needs replacing which is going to cost around 3300 i know its a hell of a lot to ask , but any little bit helps get me clos
why do evrytime after i jerked off i feel like the good things in my life disappear help
also what happens if the custodes act up and they need to be taken out \?
i hate liking someone , but knowing damn well that they 'll never feel the same way it makes me feel like shit if i'm being honest her boyfriend is lucky , and i just happened to be the dumb queer that fell for a straight girl
i was planing on playing need for speed 2015 and need for speed rivals it says they are \( online \) games , do i need to have xbox live psn to even play them or do i just need a internet connection \?
maybe you have a celebrity in min
i have suspected eds that is currently being diagnosed , and like 100 co morbidities from it some days i feel like i can t take it anymore i just wanted to do the dishes , and i bent over to put a pan away and passed out i just want to be able to clean my house , and forget about this it s not even the pain that s getting me right now , it s the fact that my body is so broken it feels like a cag
ce kdo neve obstaja fant po imenu kris , ki trpi od smrtonosne bolezni in ima 4 mesece zivljenja njegova druzina rabi nabrati zelo veliko denarja in so v hudi stiski trenutno zdaj nastopimo mi , ki lahko na 1919 z sms om kris5 donirate 5 zakrisa
you can pm or comments are g
was getting ready to go to bed so that i could wake up early for work tomorrow right when my boss texted me i know they re not gonna be able to find any work for me to do from home because that s just not what my job is i just moved out of my apartment with my husband \( we are separating \) two weeks ago i begged my mom to be my guarantor on this apartment now i don t know if i ll be able to afford it basically , if you got this far , i m now stressing the fuck out and would just love to talk to people to distract my min
starting monday , just like that one guy who's writing shrek i will use a notebook i will post daily and post the final product for display after i'm done any suggestions \?
that s all i feel these days
it shows all my friends as appearing offline when im chilling and talking to 3 of them who are appearing online on discord i looked multiple things up and no fixes work restarting , clearing cache , different internet i really need help so can someone point me in the right direction \?
there 's practically no music at all in the game , no save room music , everything is barely audible , did they even bother with using the original re2 themes \? the remake is quite bland and boring in the music department and nothing about the score is memorable at all , they did n't even use that famous music cue when you first enter the police department at the start of the game , it all just feels very forgettable compared to the original
yesterday i made a discord server and i'm looking for people to join ! if you love film , tv shows , video games , writing , art , music , and are lgbtq or an ally , or like just having fun and making friends \( also if you are n't racist or disrespectful or anything ! \) message me if you 're interested ! i'm looking for people 18 obviously so if you 're a minor i probably wo n't let you join but otherwise , please message me about the server ! hope to see new faces \)
so i know , looking at a few posts here , that there are some who have given up on life , love and happiness and just stopped caring about themself and those around them but for the people who still hold on what keeps you from giving up \? i , myself , feel myself balancing on that small cord thinking it would be easier if i just stopped caring eating myself fat and stopped working on myself i get myself back together and realise the moment i'm doing that it 's over but what are your pro tips for this \?
yo , which pharaos are good to farm as an ek \? i know that rahemos \( i think \? \? \) has 40 extra dmg to physical , but does n't drop really good loot compared to others so my question is , what pharaos are good for an ek to get decent rare drops thanks in advance !
heya all i send a post here once again to try to find long term friendship m f i do n't care as long as you are chill and we have stuff in common \) i like video game ! the reference of calypso is made from borderlands 3 wich i'm currently playing again ! i like music animal cooking video game developpement electronic in general i'm very nerdy i'm not into movie sorry so if you say a catch phrase about an actor i just wo n't get it i'm looking for someone to talk to and or someone to play game with having voice interaction would be nice i play on pc and i speak french too btw i'm 21 if it matter thanks \)
there was a new meme about how 5 under steam games are all hentai it hit home , since i just spent awhile looking through the current hentai games most of which i 've noticed use rpgmaker , and tend to have default assets , but impressive stills makes sense to me i'm doing this alone , i ca n't handle both programming and drawing at such a large scale , and this engine lets me try and focus on art making this type of game for me has always been a dream , and having to use any other engine it would become a dream that i would never accomplish but how does everyone else feel about this \? especially those of you who are n't working on this kind of ga
just really enjoying having an hour extra to sleep it s the little things to look forward to in lif
from those who complete suici
looking for anybody 8 or bigger hmu
i see many people who do n't even love themselves attract dozens of friends and admirers leaving me wondering why that is \? i try to be wholesome and authentic and genuinely love myself yet still i end up always alone i am an infp as per the mbti , so very sensitive and caring and also spiritually open yet i am the one who needs to walk alone , even though in truth we all are alon
so whenever i m just dressing casually and go out in public i tend to wear outfits tops that show a lot of cleavage the reason for this is that i used to be really underweight and basically flat chested but i ve since gained 42 pounds and went from an a cup to a d cup and i m like in love with my new boobs they make me so happy and confident so i love showing them off ! obviously i would never show cleavage in a professional setting or if i m at school but other than that i pretty much always like to show a lot of titty lol is this bad \? will people see me as trashy slutty \?
she 's a local in thailand i'm from the uk advice \? experiences \? suggestions \? tia
recently committed , binghamton class of 2024 just kind of want to say hello to everyon
have a listen , or don t , but if you re looking to be friends with me i ask you do everything you need to know i made sure to record ! \)
ever since i got mastery 5 i have not played rengar a lot and i 've always been shit with him , i did n't think it was possible for me to get my 1st token
relatively new to anime i'm caught up completely to one piece i 've seen gurren lagann , evangelion , sailor moon , and currently watching monogatari tho tonight i'm in the mood to watch something new , it has to be good if it 's someone 's favorite right \?
title i just bought the keyboard and was wondering whats the best actuation to use i had a ducky one 2 mini with blue switches bef
possibly looking to get one to replace dual monitor setup \( web development video editing \) , what size you have and how is it \? what 's the largest size you can get away with so that you do n't have to move your head around much to see what 's happening at the same time on whole screen \? those 49 inch super ultra wides look very cool however just thinking if they are n't tooo large \? i kinda would be happy to have the real estate of the 2x 23' inch screens i have now \( or perhaps a bit less would be ok as well \) but without the middle bezels and having to move head around to completely see both screens , i have a feeling that 49inch screen would require you to move your head around as well \?
i personally like t and t2 the best but t2 is my favourite favourite view poll \( \)
4x all star 3x all nba 3x all defensive all rookie second team most improved player 2016 gold medal for team usa amp nbsp also one of the best comeback stories in the history of sports after suffering a horrible injury , coming back and putting up 23 ppg for two straight seasons led the pacers to the eastern conference finals in only his 3rd season not to mention he 's only 26 , he still has at least 10 years of basketball remaining
looking for a cute girl to hookup with and maybe turn it into a fwb situation pictures of me on my profile message me and let s talk
yes you ! unless you 're my old chemistry teacher from about 12 years ago hi everybody , i'm josh of neath , son of llanelli and last of my name would n't it be cool if people actually had titles like that \? i like vidya games on the ps4 , reading , playing with my nearly 1yo son and complaining about my job anyway i'm looking for super cool friends that i can talk to on a pretty regular basis i have a discord account although i'm yet to download the app on my new phone i also have instagram and that 's about it so i do n't really have many preferences , so long as you can hold a good conversation and are n't a creep ! and i 'd prefer people within 7 years either side of my age , which is 27
i just don t feel good i m so sa
anyone have thoughts on guitar rig \? i 've been considering getting it do you think it is more effective than ableton 's native plugins for guitar and bass sounds \? thanks
any suggestions \? i do n't really have the resources to buy a bunch of frames , but i have a wall in my room that i 'd love to fill with some of my vinyl i thought about command hooks but then i 'd have to use 4 per record and i'm worried that 'd become visually unappealing thought about command stickers but i do n't incredibly like the idea of putting a sticky substance directly on the back of my record 's sleeves
this person makes a point to post something positive in almost every post i wish i knew much more about you , so that i could have simply praised you even more wherever you are , keep up this legendary work !
like idc if its some different artist but ive never felt what ive felt from these two songs the lyrics and the themes are really important to me and make me feel really safe any others you could reccom \? \( songs like this is home are ok too basically anything with stuff dealing w toxic masculinity , not being enough , sad and warm feels \? ok wow am i asking too much oof nvm fuck it \)
i ve tried reading up on it and had a friend explain it to me , but i just really , really do not understand it i m not into politics at all so the wording on everything honestly just confuses the shit out of me can someone eli5 for me and really dumb it down \?
i don t foresee this getting any better after 4 years , and 3 different attempts to commit i m just done i don t see this getting any better at all i ve done everything i can to get better and nothing s worked i have a feeling i won t survive this on
when people walk around in public listening to music , watching videos , or having phone conversations on speaker phone it 's especially irksome when it 's done in the house and there 's already a tv on or music playing put some frelling earbuds in
hello , our server is a place for new skaters and all others to come hangout and ask for advice , show off their setups , clips , and stories ! i would be more than grateful if you would come and look around !
hey all ! basically my group and myself are looking for someone new to add to our group we had a long time friend that just kind of ghosted us for friends he found on twitch we play a variety of games we are all over the age of 25 we are kinda dicks but all in fun again looking to replace one in our group !
i lost my vape i paid a hundred dollars for it a few weeks back and i cant find it in my room anymore i feel so fucking dead rn as i turned my entire house upside down to try and find it i had to lie to my parents about what i was looking for too and i dont know what to do anymore ive been searching since 1 30pm and now its 8 45pm i didnt do anything else other than walking around and searching my house and i dont know who i can seek help from as its a vape and my age isnt approriate i dont feel like living anymore snd im getting extremely restless if my parents find it before me and find out it was a vape ill be finished please what should i 
i'm going to be very lonely tonight and i do n't want to be alone in my head please ! i want someone to talk to tonight we could play ps4 that would make me happy or we could just chat on h
if anybody wants to do the trade dm 
day 5 ps how to get a flai
yeah i'm a fan of the band phoenix and have always been a fan since the release of the album wolfgang amadeus phoenix i guess what i'm looking for is long term friends i can be myself with maybe play games with i like to read write play video games watch movies going to the gym running of course listen to music i'm 24 male from london uk i suffer from anxiety which i have been tackling with my best friend but i would like to make more friends and expand my circle i'm only looking for a platonic relationship and i dont enjoy talking nsfw i'm muslim and enjoy talking about complex things i dont really like when the conversation is one sided so yeah message me if you too wanna expand your circle or i guess make a friend who will listen and play games with you
i don t want to run to the doctor and then she says it s nothing and then my mom thinks i m playing boy who cried wolf again but the same time i don t want to just let it go and then it gets worse if this is actually something wrong what s should i do \? help !
all of us can struggle with our self esteem , particularly how we look there are always aspects of ourselves that we wish were different we can support our wellbeing by becoming more aware of the negative thoughts we have about our own appearance rather than avoiding them looking deeply into the roots of why we feel this way will free us from our insecurities our bodies are amazing by focusing on what makes them great we can let go of negative views and enjoy simply being alive listen on apple podcasts \( to love yourself part 1 with guided meditation id1493806566 \? i 1000475854404 \) listen on google podcasts \( \) listen on spotify \( \) other ways to listen \( donaghy episodes learning to love yourself part 1 with guided meditation eejfs1 \)
tips appreciated but not required \) he s in the yellow house behind the plaza and there are some free basic diys below the plaza shops are open but try to be quick as i will take just a couple at a ti
honestly from being a member on roblox since 2012 , all i have seen it do is going down to shit besides 2015 the amount of scamming on there and the amount of online daters is insane ! the online daters is a whole different story and who the hell wants to date a lego block , like honestly ! \? ! sorry for ranting !
theres this girl i know for about a year we 're both 15 at the beginning of last year we were constantly texting , and she liked me i didnt really have a crush on her back then and we were good friends we went to parties and stuff together now for the last couple weeks i started to like her , although we dont get to see each other often we still go to parties and whenever she gets drunk , she starts flirting with me and one time we kissed but when i text her next day she says she doesnt want a relationship , although whenever we 're together i can see she still likes me in conclusion , she says she doesnt like me , but me and my friends can see that she still likes me i dont know what to 
i attenborough lyok5ezyf6jpu kinda miss the old art style of say final fantasy 8 and such the videos were pretty top notch for its time i realize now its dated but i'm not digging the realistic visuals all the time in todays games they all use the same style i 'd love to see the old ps1 era videos in a game or two now in not saying the whole 10 fps style of it but just the art style please tell me i'm not the only one !
nice kid in my class i wanna be friends since he s such a nice guy , but my antisocial skills ain t working so i m just sitting awkwardly waiting for him to say something g to 
i just discovered this sub and it seems really interesting tips and suggestions on how i can start watching and get into the sport \? thanks ! \)
its been almost 5 months since my breakup i never had dreams about him really if i did they were so weird that i was more confused when i woke up then sad but the past couple nights i 've been having dreams of him writing notes to me like i broke up with you because of this we can het back together soon i'm not really upset that hes in the dreams but the dreams do make me more upset about being single than usual also please do n't tell me to love being single or you have to love yourself to love someone else thats simply not the case i love myself and i'm confident but i perfer relationships sorry i had to vent
i wanna see what type of music i ve been listening to so far this year since i ve been in quarantine for like 4 months already is there a way to see my spotify wrapped since the start of 2020 \?
looking for a couple to be our first swap experience he is straight she is bi she wants to be with a woman so bad and i want to be there to see it message me for snap or kik to share pics
they patched the skin glitch in the character selection screen which is good but now i'm getting a thing where whenever i run or slide it just makes me stop for no reason really hurting my gameplay , my cousin is getting the same thing so i'm wondering if it 's just us or if other people are having the same probl
i saw a chart listing the worth of each gold pass per season in dollars i ca n't find it was wondering if someone knows the rewards or the worth of this upcoming season
i don t have a lot to offer in a conversation , just in the middle of being very anxious
so after a hiatus from the game i have decided to come back and try something that may be a little adventurous i will be running ttsl in both eu and na servers so i am currently looking for officers and members for both servers ttsl is open to all players , new , returning or veterans ultimate goal is to end up in the world of node wars and be a competitor in high tier pvp i have a lot of experience in these aspects of the game and much more to offer so if you re interested in helping me out or just looking for a socially active guild dm me here or add me on discord mobiedick 4160
i'm about to purchase an ivc parking pass to park at the irvine campus and i'm enrolled at ivc as well but not taking classes it says right before you buy the pass you must be taking at least one class but i can still buy it so i'm on the fence whether or not to buy the pass
hello everyone , i came up with another story idea after my first one but i m not sure if this ones good here it is human beings have to stay connected to the afterlife in order not to lose touch with reality but are forced to fight this mysterious entity that feeds off of them in order to gain more power it s a stretch i know and it might be a little confusing i just needed any advice on how i should go about writing it any ideas would be very much appreciated thank you for taking the time to read this post lt 3 your all awesome people \)
1 what exactly did jesus believe he was doing \? why was he doing what he was doing \? what did he believe was happening \? is there a consensus \? 2 i see a lot of scholars discounting jesus 's nature miracles as invented by the authors of the four gospels , but honi the circle drawer \( another jewish holy man who lived about a half a century before jesus \) could successfully stop rain by practically commanding god to do it could the nature miracles have been long apart of the jesus tradition from very early on \?
why did you have to come and waste people 's time \? gtf
i was thinking about how much periods suck and then i started to wonder if trans women has them i do n't know much about transsexuals but i heard you have to take pills and have hormone therapy so does that mean they can have periods \? o it would be awesome to be a lady and not have to deal with pads and bloody undies i do n't know if this is post is actually safe for work or not even though i made this post at work
nothing really too negative , though not really anyone can hurt my feelings it s worse when it s all in your head and you only care about the judgement you give yourself interesting
someone talk to me i m friendly \)
i ve found myself doing it , and it feels unnatural when i try to stop
i just got back from a long trip away from my girlfriend , and she broke up with me my moms alcoholic ex boyfriend is making trouble in the house i'm touch starved more than i have ever been before and multiple friends have just stopped talking to me my medication was messed up from the trip because of the time change , and i just do n't know what to do right now each day it just goes slowly down and down and down and i feel completely helpless
i always finish tests in uni first , a three hour exam will be done within an hour , and a written exam will be done within an hour and thirty minutes , and i usually manage to get a b duck yeah
okay so i 0 0ed ce 221 last semester which was 3 credits and then i got a 2 0 when i retook it this semester if i put it as satisfactory this semester what will happen \? will it get rid of the 0 0 from last semester and then the credit from this semester just counts as credit \? or will the 0 0 stay and then the credit i got with the retake just counts as a pass \?
background story i m hitting on my friend whose type is infp i think she knows i m hitting on her , but sometimes she just ignore my text for a whole day while being active on twitter but when i stopped talking to her she would text me randomly , got me excited for a while just to ignore me again so yeah i feel as i was being played and tired of guessing so i blocked her number \( i m not blaming her for anything tho \) so my question is , do you guys usually know when someone is hitting having a crush on you \? thanks
looking to add friends for pok mon x y amp maybe swapnote if you like to doodle , i just started playing pok mon x and would like some friends to trade with down the line when i collect more pok mon 3 ! friend code 1693 2417 6845
i went on a straight uphill hike yesterday and i feel completely exhausted today feel irritable , vision a little blurry , and i just feel out of it
i like him so far , seems to be very smart and caring for the inmates , i do n't want him to turn bad , we need some good uncorrupted authority types on the show , i wander what will happen between him and vera and him and jake as it looks like jake is jealous by him to a deg
hey guys , really weird question but , i'm having trouble finding a fast food lego polybag it 's a 3 piece police car build with a few stickers i 've had no luck finding it online , thanks \( i'm fairly certain it 's lego and a fast food toy though only 90 \)
i am a class 12 passout from kolkata and suffering from career dilemma i chose pcb without math in my 10 2 since i am a neet aspirant but i am scared if i do n't make it , i am done with life please guide me on what are the possible courses that have a fair bright future as a career option also , please mention about the colleges if you know any that would provide the specific course i do n't mind if i have to switch to other stream i do not have a problem if i have to study math at college the only thing i would want from my job career is that it has scope for growth
to make it very quick i try to eat well , consuming carbohydrates and protein everyday , i sleep well i think usually around 8 hours , and i have an orthopedic chair does it make sense that after having sat the entire day everyday for the last couple of months playing on the computer that i feel like my neck is weak \? it 's a bit hard to hold it if i keep sitting in the same posture without leaning it against my chair , it 's easier once my neck sits on the chair itself making it physically easier to hold i 've done all the medical testing except for orthopedic ones maybe , does that make sense \?
would it not make more sense for it to always be there \? and 13 7 billion sounds so recent in universe terms just baffles me i know the big bang etc , but why did this event that happened 13 7 bill years ago kickstart this infinite universe \? is it not possible it was always there and stars came and went etc \?
here is a hypothetical scenario , you are a prestigious and influential young politician you garner immense respect during debates even your adversaries recognize how influential you are and navigate around your dialogue carefully many years pass are your compatriots still receptive to your policy , as they would be towards an aging male politician \?
it 's weird i 'll go to sleep and i 'll be slitting my wrist or stabbing myself in the throat and it scares me i 've been suicidal for years but i do n't remember ever having dreams like this
unofficial serious flair , as in yeah say jokes but i d be disappointed if all the comments are memes
tl dr how will a guy usually react when the girl he 's still kinda attracted to and has history with has been playing it cool and then suddenly confesses feelings
do the mole crickets irritate y'all too \? i swear they 're the most annoying bug in ac not that their hard to catch , but it 's just the noise they make the freaking chirping
i like girls , thats a fact , but sometimes i was wondering if i was also gay , i have n't felt attracted to some guy but i was curious if i just wanted sex , so i tried to have sex 3 times on grindr and i was n't sure of what i was doing , sometimes i was uncomfortable , then some months later i discover on my own that i want to be a girl so i was wondering if maybe i wanted to have sex but as a crossdresser , today i tried that and it was uncomfortable too , i liked my wonder woman costume but i did n't enjoyed the sex , now idk what should i 
like i get sad from all these posts with stories of 14 yo 's drinking and fcking because a \) why the fck do those things at that age , pls behave like a 14 yo b \) it makes me sad because i have n't even met up with someone outside school , because i 've got no friends and nobody is interested in me \? i dunno i wish i could just skip to 1 5 years later , when i'm about done with highschool because i feel like i'm ready for something new in life , the chapter highschool is n't exactly succeeding in terms of social lif
i have been made the moderator ofa louis tomlinson subreddit which was private and inactive and now its on full force open and i am gonna make it big so can u please guys support me innthis louis needs a subreddit of his own !
if it 's bribery , how much money do the have \? ark 's like , a super popular game they should n't need a couple thousand from a basement guy in china like , why ca n't they be mature , and wipe and ban the tea guys
what things are important for two people to agree on in order for a relationship to work long term \? what characteristics in a partner are important to you \?
its funny how you can still love them more than anything even when you know they can look you in the eye and lie to all those having to break it off because they would n't stop hurting you stay strong it will get better how soon \? that i do n't know
hi , i m 28f and he is 44 i ve never dated anyone so much older than me before right now we are in the getting to know you phase and i really like him since i m getting older myself , i said i would now date with the intent to marry and so far he s a great candidate so far i have found nothing wrong except his age i want children and so does he but i m worried by the time \( if we get that far \) we want to have kids he will be a much older dad am i overthinking this \? i want to know the experiences of others on kids and age gap relationships what are the biggest obstacles in age gap other than outside influences \?
all the online websites have the same top 10 jobs for infps but i feel like there has to be more a variety i ve career path that infp s are good at view poll \( \)
since sony is doodoo and i ca n't play with my ps4 friends on the go with my switch , i'm still waiting for fortnite on android the latest patch notes say nothing , and i'm concerned for all of us who are dying due to android 's underratedness in the gaming aspect ! apple always seems to come first for games ! androidlivesmatt
prearranged loan with u crampinghands 300 to be paid back in two weekly payments of 180 started on june 9th and june 15th
so the title would have said friend but if they happen to ghost you , i do n't think they are much of a friend i'm used to it to an extent , after i leave a job or someone else does , i try to keep in touch and they do n't reply back oh well , at least i never see them but knowing i 'll see this person , it makes me anxious since it 's likely i 'll run into them i just feel like shit and on top of sip , with work in about a week , the thought of passing interacting w them stresses me out
i like calendula , lavender , siderites , chamomile , rooibos , rose , mountain tea mix , rosemary , thistl
link is here \( \) just cleaned out some folders hoping to find something to finish writing , and found this lmk if you have any suggestions , critiques , feedback , etc
it just bothers me so much especially when they do n't pay any attention to what happens on screen and i have to explain it to them while the movie plays on is this normal \? do all the people you watch movies with at home do this \?
wanting to keep talking to him constantly but knowing he s more introverted than you and needs more alone ti
so as the title says , i want to prevent my friend from developing an eating disorder he s a 15 \( m \) and he seems to be pretty insecure about his weight and to deal with that , he usually doesn t eat or skips meals and it s kind of an awkward conversation to have so i ve never really gone about it , but whenever he brings it up i try to convince him that he should eat and that skipping meals isn t the healthiest way to go about losing weight and that he could possibly develop an eating disorder , but he ignores it and changes the topic however i m still somewhat concerned so is there any way i can at least get through to him about it \? thanks in advance , i ll reply to any possible responses later tonight
and now you 've doubled it \( in a few days ! \) instead of halfing it dammit !
i turned my ps4 on today and it said i had to sign into psn , i put my password in and it gave me error code \( ws 37333 9 \) can anyone help me fix this \?
i m on here looking for people i can talk to i m typically a somewhat a shy person i m not that great at conversations but it s something i am working on somethings i am into are photography , sports , video games , camping , and youtube i would prefer if you are between the ages 18 24 if we do end up getting along we can move to discord if that is better for you if you are interested dm 
my fianc will not take her switch to the bathroom with her , i tell her all the time that most people who own a switch will take it to the bathroom with them that s the portability aspect of it , she doesn t believe it how common is this \?
have any of y'all ever been given a look like ur gonna rape someone \? i was scrolling through reddit and i was disgusted by many people saying that all dudes in india are rapists etc some compared it to mexico too it really iris me that such thoughts exist we all know that it 's bad but not so bad that you start labelling the whole country like that ! ! i am just stunned atm any thoughts \?
i m sure they re all bad i don t know much about him but i am aware he s a big reason why capitalism currently has such a stronghold in america just wondering what he did to make this happen \?
there are many issues with it , mostly consisting of mods abusing power too often , and banning people for no reason try not to help them grow anymore new discord will be up soon
ia any halo ia ltbs ia 300k 350k nlf sets , on sale items
so i just lost to the germany as the soviets and i was wondering how to beat them \? the war started in 1941 and by 1943 , it was over they kept encircling me and i lost about 5 million soldiers what is the strategy for beating them \? i have 2 million men in the field with mass assault doctrine every time i used 40 width tanks to encircle , they were too slow and ended up getting encircled themselves
paragraph one paragraph tw
please be over 15 i m chill and will talk about what
here s the meme hehe now for the main attraction i just woke up an hour ago and my day is feeling rather lonesome who wants to help me change that \? \? it s currently 3 40pm \( yes i know i sleep super late \) i have a lot on my mind what s on your mind \? do you like talking about stuff \? i want to know all about you and your passions i ve got mine and i also have a cat this post is starting to get all over the place but i guess i just really want to meet someone i hope this intrigues somebody !
i love the way they dress rita on the show her clothes are so sexy when she came walking out in her black , red , and blue turtleneck in se01ep11 , my jaw dropped smoking hot
i don t think i will but for a long time it wasn t difficult but lately i just don t know what to do and i want to cut
i was having a hard time trying to figure out how to map the button layout with my ps4 controller it kept on exiting out on me via close the app thank you everyone !
i always though my dad was a frick because he was addicted to narcotics but self harm is indeed a narcotic , did i became the person i always hated \?
and i am absolutely alone it sucks i m there for literally everyone literally everyone i check up on people i care about consistently but no one wants to talk to me no one even ask how i am , nor even let me vent i am so scared and stressed , i m bottling up so much , i m not sure how or when i m going to just expl
hey everyone my first post in this subreddit so i hope i'm doing this right my little brother is fresh out of highschool and an aspiring comic artist he 's starting off small just a google sites page for now , but he appreciates every view i'm not sure how to classify it as far as genre goes , but i 'd say sci fi comedy a few of the lines he 's put in the first chapter gave me a 'lol' or two tl dr visit this link thanks , reddit !
i'm making a gas mask mounted cyber deck using a raspi zero for the most part it 's going well except for the fact that i ca n't seem to figure out what sort of lens i should use i ordered a cheap cardboard headset hoping to yoink the lenses out of that , however they seem to be too small , even for the tiny 3 5 inch screen i'm using i also tried a magnifying glass that was sitting around my house but it seems to not do nearly enough \( maybe just not a large enough zoom \? \) any of you guys who have made diy hmd 's , what sort of lenses do you tend to use \?
lightly used and and in good condition pics
so when i am at war sometimes my armies will suddenly completely vanish in a battle it happens whenever i accidentally give a movement command during a battle i have lost several wars due to this stupid thing is there a way i can lock troop movements during battles , similar to the auto stop plots feature \? i'm getting really tired of seeing a 10k army vanish in a single day thanks and have a great day
i really do n't wanna sound like i'm complaining but i honestly feel trapped i am 19 and have worked full time for a couple months and just scared of having to work full time at another job again i feel like im wasting my life away just working i have bills to pay as well but man is this what life is gonna be like forever \? i miss having the freedom to be with family more often i ca n't afford to get a degree and i do n't really have any useful skills to start freelancing
hey i am currently in rehab and in the evening i always realize how alone i actually am and i am just really looking for a nice conversation maybe even a connection with someone of anybody is interested just hit me up if really appreciate it
my name is josh i live in florida but will be moving to alabama soon i'm 6'0 , big guy with irish in me i grow a leprechaun beard i like to play video games such as rpgs like wow and games like minecraft love to eat ribs , wings and tacos i love animals , have a dauchshund named caesar message me if you want to know more if not i understan
hello ! i am a 24yr old college student looking to drain someones balls tonight ! if you live in or near north dallas and can host let me know your kik or dm me here on reddit and maybe we can work something out ! ciao !
does anyone know any good videos that have breathing exercises , meditation and light hypnosis combined like in this example \? i really like it because i cant normally concentrate long enough to do breathing exercises properly , but with this audio i managed to complete them all , and for one of the first times connect with the pleasure of breathing not personally a huge fan of tibetan bowls though , but maybe it works for some people better ! id never heard anything like this before where can i find more like this \? shkkzom3lnnmhuppzfz
we were talking about a guy i like , and my friend told me it might never work out with me , because i am too mentally unstable i told him to clarify what he meant but he could n't i do n't know what to feel about it now
what does bangalore have to offer and is there half decent haleem available here , please help kind sirs and madams !
contohnya , 20 tahun lagi kau jadi kaya tapi sebab dah pakai kuasa masa depan tu berubah jadi lain
i have a friend and we used to do everything together , i mean everything like we would wake up and have breakfast and meals and work and go to parties and plan the week it wasn t in like these weird attached way it just happened we needed to do stuff at the same times and we lived together and naturally we just got closer over time recently he got a girlfriend which i knew was gonna be a bit shitty on my end but after the first two weeks he just stopped talking to me and i feel so weird that i feel so betrayed and abandoned i m not sure how to deal with and i spent so much time with him that i don t really have any other friends and he only talks to his girlfriends friends
i been sleeping for the couple days 3 to 4 hours straight wake up then 2 hours more of sleep this is better than waking every hour or 2
we need at least 2 men to fill recent holes in team for esl if interested msg me wood don or lhop inverted \( the first letter is an l not an i \)
the reason i ask is because i finished season one last night for the third time and wee bey 's arrest was very curious to me i thought it was interesting how several baltimore officers helped take bey into custody despite him being in philly i did n't know this type of procedure even existed due to jurisdictions thanks
so here s the thing i want to be a costume designer i can t afford to go to school for it , but i found out the company i work for will pay for my schooling ! only catch , they have very limited options the only 2 i think i could use would either be graphic design \( would help with digital sketches , making graphics , and whatever \) or project management \( would help with costume based projects and budgeting and stuff \) which degree do you guys think would be a better choice \? and which is more versatile usable if costume design doesn t work out for some reason
my name is benjamin , i m from california and the biggest thing you should know is that i m a nerd less for shows and movies , more video games and that jazz i used to write , usually short stories similar to lovecraft i don t have much of a favorite band music genre , i just have a spotify playlist i keep to myself i try not to judge based on account history and stuff , i mean i have my own flaws and weird things so as long as you aren t rude , you should be fine i m very open and honest as well i d prefer 16 but anyone is welc
packed prime dalglish in the prime icon pack and have used him for 100 games but just cannot get on with him he always seems to stiff slow on the ball and seems to be the biggest weak link in my team and can t help myself but to sub him off and use 95 promes 92 vinicius 95 ibra anyone else \?
i'm usually struggling to get 25 and bad kda but things are getting better now 
amp x200b if anyone wants to join just dm me and i 'll give you the invit
i have 16gb ram and a if 9400f would it be worth it to go buy a 2070 super lol
i keep trying but i never click with anyone they were both online friends one dropped off the face of the earth , and given her history i can only assume suicide the other turned out not to actually exist although we reconnected earlier in the year and got talking again and we still both pretended she was real because frankly i do n't even actually care , but she disappeared too a month or so ago i meet people occasionally but never get on with them all that well and those two set the bar pretty high but right now i have nobody at all
it doesn t say what size the one i currently have is so i m not sure if it s 6 or 10 inch or something else \?
it says installed ram is 16gb but it only says 7 95 available , did i do something wrong \?
it seems like damn near f amp ing everyone in my spanish class knows everything we re learning and i m the one idiot who s clueless most of the time i would like to think i m not an idiot , i do well in all my other classes but spanish and just about any other language is my weakest subject i do better in physics or chemistry even my spanish professor basically lowkey belittles me whenever i have a meeting with him during office hours
the urge was strong , i barely could keep myself from fapping , and thank god i did n't seriously this was a blessing from god that the urge did n't break 
the only thing that can really set this game apart from all the early access garbage on steam , including day z , is the studio behind it \( though i guess i heard they had like a 50 million dollar loss last year which really does n't bode well for this , landmark , eqn \) but as many people seem to have noticed , it really just seems to be massively underfunded understaffed and is being treated just like an indie title side project without any real quality but if it ever starts to get that real polished , properly crafted feel , similar to when you log into wow or lt insert any aaa mmo here gt , that 's when it 'll be so great just wanted to put that out th
hey im new and i wonder is asphalt 9 p2w or not
hello this is my first time trading so please excuse me if i might need some help bill the duck is moving out on the 19th of september but i can also time travel if someone is interested i also have some amiibo villagers which are cookie , admiral , savannah , teddy , hopper , vesta , freya i also have all the sanrio villagers but i'm not sure if they can move to your town in exchange i would want one of my dreamies julian , marshal , roscoe , beau , maple , jacques i also take purple pansies , blue roses , purple roses , gold roses , purple tulips , pink tulips or white or pink azalea bushes write a comment if you 're interest
hello \) i m a boy from western ny i m a shy but incredibly sweet and caring person i love snuggles and kisses and hugs i m searching for a relationship with a caring and sweet girl as the title says i really love to send cute selfies and sweet texts all the time i m sort of clingy and love attention and affection very much i m open to anyone who wants to chat and see where things go ! if you want lots of cute selfies and a sweet boy to call your own then please feel free to message me thank you for reading , hope to hear from you !
pretty much title i will have access to a dictionary and my own notes , and pretty much everything else that does n't allow communication i will have five hours , and the main points will be ability to understand spanish text , and ability to write spanish text my first plan is to go through the entirety of the spanish duolingo , but i'm unsure on what other things i should do all help is greatly appreciated !
so i know someone who both knees is bone on bone and refuses to get a knee replacement thinking some magical cure is going to come out instead is it better to not get one and just deal with the knee pain app the time or \? the person always acts like knee replacements are bad and they never work and could ruin your knees and actually turn out worse is this true \? pros and cons \? and if you did get one is it worth it \?
i was wondering how i get the buttons at the bottom of the screen back , i took them off and dk how to add them back in settings the buttons im talking about is the back button , home screen button and the button that shows you what tabs are open
for matches ajizhjeju jajhahajcjsbagzyjavsbsjsiwuwbwbw
i am trying to download centos iso for a vm but when i click on any of the mirror links instead of downloading like it does in the video tutorial i am following it takes me to webpage and its different for each mirror link but there layouts are all the same some sort of file index page why is it not just downloading for me when i click the mirror like everyone else \? why is it taking me to unsecure pages containing the files with heading on the page index of centos 8 2 2004 isos x86 64 it 's probably something so simple yet i ca n't figure why
i recently got a guitar and have a question i m wondering if it s impossible to play certain chords with small hands or if it s just a matter of practice will my hands eventually find a way to play certain chords or will i have to avoid them \?
just awhile ago i was looking at a video here on reddit about this young boy playing a piano and he was impressive a prodigy more like then after watching i just contemplated a bit and realised i don t have any talents whatsoever i don t know why i feel envious about these things but i do my life just revolves around playing video games , watching netflix , reading a novel , listening to music amp working at retail i tried doing other things but i m just not interested in them and yet whenever i see some random kid be good at something , my self esteem just drops below the groun
they way she cant get off my brain its sinking me fast
i'm going to be honest , i do n't have too much time to play video games , having at most 1 hour to myself a day i want a game that i can enjoy in short bursts , specifically a hack and slash or a shooter like doom or shadow warrior 2 that isnt as time intensive and does not require investment in a story , as i do n't really have too much time for that basically , a mindless fighting or shooting game that i can play in short bursts , or just mindlessly for a while to get me to relax i play on pc thank you
guys , if you see the ultimate guide to seinfeld from entertainment weekly at the grocery store , do yourself a favor keep the 14 that you may be tempted to spend on it there s very little of interest in it to people like us , who have watched the show dozens of times probably 98 of it seems to be written for people who have been living under rocks for the past 30 years also , the articles should ve been written by comedians so they could ve at least been entertaining , but unfortunately they weren t although the authors seem to be well acquainted with the show , their writing is fairly dry , with a few uncommon words sprinkled in for some unnecessary vocab flexing
someone hit me this morning and ran off i did n't get the plate number or car model my mind went blank and when i try to think back to when it happened it 's like the memory is deteriorating i think my shoulder is injured now too so i might have to see my doctor but i feel like something is wrong with my memory i ca n't stay focused and the last couple days feel like a blur at what point is my memory a concern to tell my doctor \? will he even be able to help me at all or just say h
man 6 year old me would be disappointed that i ve gone to the dark side lol
i'm almost 22 and never really had a true sexual passion , at least not seen as on tv , and in the few times i tried to have sex i barely thought it was fun , didn t manage to finish and it feels more satisfying masturbating that having sex am i the only one in that position \? should i do something about it \? i m worried how i m supposed to have a relationship like that \?
i'm really into muscular guys if it was n't obvious if anyone like that sees this and likes to show off what they 've got go ahead and message 
in mind is killing yourself adaptive that depends an evolutionary theory about suici
28m lol not gonna lie i want to promote violence with friends i dont have yet violence directed at myself mostly dm me if you want dont really ca
i lost all of my energy i used to have insomnia and could only fall asleep after being awake for at least 20 hours now i cant even stay awake for 5 without sleeping for 2 6 hours i dont know what 's happening to 
just to think so many peoole will notice the difference and will just comment on it , most in my case will make fun of it \( cause im practically gonna do a really low cut , almost bald \) just the thought gets me so anxious and stressed when i get to school im gonna die from all the stress
i own a property in london and there is a waste pipe in my garden it is shared with one neighbour , however runs only into sewage in my garden it has broken apart meaning our poo and neighbours poo now splashes into my garden when we flush neighbour is not yet aware as ca n't see the pipe from their garden do they have any kind of obligation to contribute towards repair of the pipe since it 's shared with them \? or are plumber costs on me only as it 's on my property only \?
need help with ludwig
if someone could listen \? '
i ve recently gotten into making one pan chicken veggies for meal prep i was just wondering if anyone has any seasoning recipes they can share \? or ways to tasty up my meal i usually use broccoli , potatoes , onion and sometimes broccoli i m tired of doing a basic lemon pepper , so anything would be helpful ! \( i m not super big on oregano \)
here s the photo \( \) u ninajyang thank you so much for the disney post card \) it s cute and i love the colors and thank you for the valentines card ! ! u inflammammal omg i loved the post cards they re so pretty vintage and it s cool that you live on an island ! i tried to read the cursive on the back of one of em and couldn t lol also the lil yellow note is cute ! u poisonouskey the pizza card is wholesome ngl i like your note you wrote and i hope you enjoy more pizza u pumpkincat18 thank you for the winnie the pooh card the quote i ll always use that quote for future references in my future relationships lol
sup u can add me on discord so we can play games and chill on pc reaper 9165 a bit bout me im 21 from sweden and im been really sick for the past year and i have no feeling in my arms or legs and extreme pain in my stomach 2 the point i can barely move and only time i sleep when i pass out from pain and there is no meds 2 ez my pain and the doctors havent found the source of the issue and my dream is 2 be a streamer and distract ppl from their life and hopefully spread some joy and im tryin 2 get a active community where we play shit and have fun together like a family squad and terms of partner in crime is play vc on daily bases
i mean , the people i 've met on here are just the most caring and the most relating people i 've ever met tell me how can you get so cool \? i 've never met somebody like you in my life and it 's so uplifting if i could meat you in real life i 'd just hug you all day because you 're so sweet and swaggy all the time just look at you , i 've never seen anything like you with this kind of amazement in all of my lif
hello there ! i'm a guy , to be redundant and fill space , and trying to stay up long enough to straighten my sleep schedule lol i'm on the far end of that right now , so i'm a bit tired i'm up for random conversations with whoever about whatever you wanna talk about ! i hold conversations pretty well , as long as i'm given something to respond to ! i do game on pc , i read , and apparently work on resumes today \? whether it 's a short conversation or something that 's going to be a long term deal , let 's see how it goes ! i dont mind talking on other things as well , but try to have a bit about yourself in the intro , if you would please ! !
another one doesn'r respond , another one probably does n't think i tall enough , because after saying my height they ghosted me but this one said i have intertesting and classic looks
for the past few months i have diagnosed myself with a multitude of problems such as eee virus , stroke , als , vitreous hemorrhage , nagleria fowleri , heart attack , ms , cjd , and so on and so forth it s become a habit
i dont like kitana 's face model sorry ya 'll
they get porzingis or some other at least decent center in a package for kyrie the starting 5 might even be better than their last one d rose is not a good 3 point shooter so he will contribute the ball more if they have kp literally everyone in their starting lineup \( except drose \) will be able to shoot 3s well
and now i feel much better i feel lazier about trying to wank , which is a good thing !
i ve always just hated everyone and everything i don t know why i guess i m a little uptight \?
dota 2 wow sc2 hearthstone horror anime uses discord is n't shy and loves to talk is ok with me being shy is ok with nsfw subjects loves to have a cuddle buddy before bed likes to venture in new territory loves affection loves stupid 1 liners is nice and understanding lives in or around 5 eastern time zon
been going crazy trying to find out who this chick is \? perfect ass , and the angle is just right , can anyone help \? \? saw this on the r latinas subreddit a day ago unknown girl \( wildlife inspiration reptilesofinstagram \)
this is where our worlds collide this is about survival technology that can reverse the flow of time wake up the american so many more ! ! !
i forgot my sunscreen at home this is gonna suck
i m 21 and i m in my last year of college and to say i m bad with girls would be a huge understatement i haven t had a conversation with a girl in three years but i think i m ready to date now and i just have no clue where or how to meet girls i asked my friends and they said the bars but that s kinda impossible with covid and i can t join any clubs because that s impossible with covid so where can i meet girls because i want to get some dating experience before i leave colleg
i'm a beginner in rocket league , it would be fun to have a fellow beginner to play with ! i have tried playing competitive already but it seems that it 's just better to play casual mode i play on pc but it does n't matter since rocket league has cross platform play
ive just never liked any real people \? not only does it make me sad , but it 's embarrassing ! ! in school i would always get asked who do you like \? \? and when i said nobody , they would say well you have to like somebody ! ! ! and then they would try to guess or just straight up assign me a crush ! ! i wish i could like real people what 's wrong with me \? \? what do i tell people \? \?
i was in the supermarket today and ever since i got home i have been feeling so sad , i have cried at least 3 times and my mother nearly caught me crying
join our server , parasites 1 slight military theme 2 we 're friendlier than we sound 3 we welcome everyone from normal people to dark humored gremlins 4 looking for active people that will hopefully join the mod admin ranks dm for the link we 'll be waiting \)
asking about the figma deku don t wanna spend 300 on him so i m fine buying the ko as long as it s decent
i have n't read the book , i 've only heard the story how and why camus said one must imagine sisyphus happy \?
i'm looking for someone who i can role play with occasionally , we can do plots sometimes maybe , but i'm more into quick role plays between us for fun i'm mostly a bottom , so i 'd prefer if you were a dom top i'm also more into romantic passionate sex , and i ask of you to not expect me to always be able to role play i'm always up for talking or anything though , i know this may sound weird , but yeah if you think you 'd like that dm 
couldve totally been another ozzy , why didnt they ask him to play in hvv for the heroes tribe \? \? would loveeee to see him and todd again
i'm quite social and pretty extroverted , but my 'friend wall' is rather high i have a distance policy with people outside my circle , and for the most part it has served me well but sometimes i wonder what it 'd be like to have more friends and then i imagine them completely ignoring me for minutes straight as they text someone else , and in that moment i'm glad for my wall i 'll be pretty disheartened if the phone activity is just the baseline now , and i happen to be the alien who does n't do phones , but if that 's the way it is , then i simply wo n't begin to try with new peopl
so a little about myself i had a very very awful childhood filled with abuse and sexual abuse but i always new right from wrong so i went down a different path than most , the only vice i had was sex and booze so i dedicated my career to helping kids with similar problems i currently am 35yr young and i am a special needs teacher for social emotional and behavioral kids through the way of some sought of a abuse but i feel like i can do more in life i wanna help people in general , maybe closure from a lost loved one or helping the wandering spirits find there path so being said i wanna open my 3rd eye and train myself to be open to any spirits or messages i receive thank you so much bryan
love u there i give up i quit wow , wow , now everything will be okay !
been thinking about this a fair amount i dont think a mans performance in bed , for me personally is always down to stamina or whatever else i think men who struggle with empathy or have personalities that are shallow , make poor lovers men who are in touch with their minds and feelings seem to be more in touch with their bodies like i noticed sensitive guys have higher sex drives sometimes might not actually express themselves in a vulgar way , or be shy about it , but its there i prefer this
those who take the bible like a history science book misses the point and they are like nicodemus when jesus explained about being born again , who he thought it was about to return literally to his mother 's womb \( john 3 1 21 \) we should be spiritually discerned in reading the scripture \( 1 corinthians 2 14 \) the bible conveys that there is a spiritual reality realm , and that is greater form reality than the physical one only being spiritually discerned that you can perceive that reality
i m masturbating and i want to make it more enjoyable any tips i could use to make it more fun
for the love of god buff this sniper it is literally the worst sniper in this game it ca n't even one shot to the upper chest and high caliber is literally useless on it
cpu pentium g4400 gpu palit gtx 1050 ram 8gb i used to play bbcse onmy xbox and moved to the pc and i just want to know if i can handle the game at 60fps i can lower any of the options as long as it runs on a smooth 60fps
my name is benjamin and i m from california i m sort of just your typical nerd \( video games , youtube , the normal stuff \) , and i don t have many interests worth talking about as i tend to do better talking about the other person , at least at first i was \( and am probably still am \) capable of writing decent stories , but it s been many months age isn t super important , nor pst comment history , unless it s toxic
what makes a post on social media go viral \? how do you get more exposure for social media accounts \? why do people prefer word press over wix \?
i can already say i m gonna be buying it a lot i mean it tastes almost identical to fanta which is one of my favourites already so now i can pretty much have that but without all the calories what other flavours are worth trying i ve got the blue and the white to try as well but i m saving them for lat
should i repeat this word i believe in myself every second every day or just practice don't think , just observe \? which one is better \? is thinking i believe in myself every second , is that overthinking or not \?
i ve got the equipment i need \( mostly \) at home , but i am not motivated i was doin it consistently all august but then summer hw and junior year and ap s interrupted me and i haven t worked out in a month i ve lost so much progress why both
i m 14 , i enjoy anime , reading , and art my sense of humour shifts about so i find everything funny my favourite songs at the moment are american idiot by green day and amerika by rammstein that s probably about it for now
i don t really have any physical symptoms of anxiety the main things that affect me are racing thoughts \( overthinking \) , my mind also tends to go blank under pressure and i literally have nothing to say , and lastly i m just overly self aware i know everyone s different , but what medication do you think would be best for my symptoms \? i d rather not get on a benzo if there s a longer term alternative things i have tried that didn t help phenibut , kratom , kava , 5 htp , l theanine , aniracetam , ashwagandha , etizolam please do not comment any natural remedies or nootropics , i need something stronger than that
for four days i have barely slept i have nightmares every night so far i have probably eaten maybe only one full meal in days i keep snapping rubber bands on my arms , scratching myself , and cutting myself with paper i purposely am not taking an anti anxiety medicine for some reason i am having depersonalization and i don t care about my body i am torturing myself and i want to my therapist had to take away my rubber bands and is saying i might have to go inpatient help , what can i do this is making me want to kill myself
so proud to be a contributing member of society \)
i'm technically a millenial too as i'm in my early 30 's but it 's a totally different style i dont want to be specific at all because , what if some one i work with is on this sub \? basically , i dont argue with my coworkers who at 20 but we ignore each other and fight for power i honestly hate them they are so arrogant and steamrolling and their wardrobe is completely innapropriate for work
whether you think you can or ca n't , you 're most likely right
everyone should hate me , do you hate me \? everyone should without hesitation , i only think in myself im so full of myself i m sorry everyone , i made everything go downhill , my fault i wish i never existed , i m wishing this so everyone can be happy maybe i don t know and i m being egoistic once again
are you tired of getting staggered and rekt by an endless supply of light spam \? do you wish to punish the foolish forsaken parry \? do you ever feel that a mere wrist slap should have no effect on your steel plated self \? i have the deck for you with hard , sweeping kicks , you can make sure no one will ever dodge away from you scot free with a devastating double charge attack barrage followed by a series of ducking punches and a surprise roundhouse , you can out tank and out flank anyone else 's moveset in this school you will see that fancy combinations are nothing compared to a good , hard punch steam id roughdragon
good or bad , let me hear about your relationship with your brother \( s \) sister \( s \) \? do you guys bond a lot together \? or do you guys hate each other \? why are they the way they are and why do you want them to change \? i'm curious into knowing about others relationships with their siblings so i can compare it with what 's goinh wrong or missing with mine long story short , i got a brother which i feel like he 's prioritizing his girlfriend over his own blood and mother it disapoints me i wonder if i'm the only one living through this though
im 22 , and can t remember a time i didn t have tinnitus , even going way back to my early childhood i of course thought it was normal until someone i know brought up how he had it too , and i had a realization that i ve had it this entire time it was fine before i knew i had it , but now i think about it constantly and it almost seems to be getting worse i have no idea what caused it or what but the ringing in my right ear is much louder than my left , which is barely noticeable is that normal \?
so i live in an apartment in the city , and i live around a younger , good looking crowd of people i m not a creeper , i m 25 myself , but i just had this random thought today that it would be like a movie to just look out my window and see my neighbors had forgot to close the blinds and they were just going at it i would have to stand there and watch for a minute that would be the day ! lol
\( a mean girl i used to know \) but she does n't give me the change of 250 yen i get mad and demand the change she hands me the change but everything is in pennies
about to go outside for a nice smoke ! throw some good music my way that i can vibe t
i have that original asus mixed reality , the black one with the sharp poly look to it anyways , the hinge on it to allow the headset to easily flip up has been faulty for a real long time now i ve had to put headbands around my head in an x shape to keep it to my face when i look down is there any way to actually fix this issue \? i m pretty tired of having headbands on my face , or even worse , have to put it on my friends faces when they would try vr \( that s been awhile tho bc quarantine and all \) does anyone know a fix , even a diy one would do thanks !
im really a survivor main and i was given a gift card with a few more bucks on it and i want to try either killer , i like spirit for her being 2 soon to be 1 , but i like legion for susi
i'm genuinely curious , feel free not to answer as i know it 's a weird question i'm pre t and unfortunately , always er hot and bothered if you will i'm curious about if it 'll get worse or not whenever i'm able to start t cheers !
i 've let myself go for a few years , and i realised recently that i want have to get back in shape and sharpness however it 's been 3 years since i was lean and out of university if i now work out or just stretch i become uncomfortable with my body what 's all this blubber \? why i ca n't do this anymore \? and it is the same about studying , i lose concentration much quicker and feel a pang of fear when i do n't grasp a concept immediately or worse i forget something i kinda bash myself for having reduced myself to this state ex competitive athlete , ex scholar in training , and this is where i am at do you have any positive outlook to help me power through \?
takes knife , cuts my throat and wrist , and dies do n't worry , im just making dark memes to vent
here 's an invite for those that do n't know , discord is a text voice chat made for gamers but i thought a discord group for watmm could be useful we could help each other write music and share advice and whatnot ! if you do n't have discord , you can easily download it at the app store \) i 've has this idea for a while , someone else posted about it , too hopefully the mods do n't ban me for this
i'm super vast with range of things like music , psychology , tech , politics , culture , space , travel i'm good with conversation
and it was good not because it was a chance to gain points or anything because it was good to see her and she laughed and made me smile its enough for 
and i m fucking 19 ! and i ve never kissed a girl might as well kms
would like at least 80 for it thank you !
1309 4130 7476 im unsure about you guys but i got coballion as a reward for ultra league battles and ive used all my pokeballs , cant afford to buy more and i have no pokestops nearby lockdown i have no idea why he wont catch and i cant continue to play unless i catch him , any help would be amazing
\( 17m \) iv had all bad experiences with my age so im really really attracted to older over weight guys like 35 250 i don t know why but i can t help it
i got a killer deal on the spec d headlights but the instructions say to wire them into the headlight harness but i would rather run them as drls are there any fuses that are on when the key is in acc in the engine bay or is my only option to wire through the firewall thanks !
i don t want this , but i don t know who i can talk to , i feel alone and empty and i m fighting a battle inside my head , thoughts of suicide pop up in my head constantly and i m trying to fight them but i don t know how much longer i can do this , i keep telling myself it ll get better but it doesn t and i don t see any way out of this , i am a burden to those around me and i think it d be best if i was gone , if anyone sees this please help 
every time i try to get somewhere , improve myself or enrich my life , i'm beaten back down to the floor by something they say strength is continuing to get back up but i must have got back up thousands of times by now and there 's no sign of progress , no sign anything will ever be easier i'm so tired and i ca n't keep fighting this relentless brick wall above my head , that most people do n't even see if it was always hardship , maybe i 'd acclimatise but any small achievement or happiness only seems set to lower my guard , before it 's ripped away again and i fall for it every single time i think now , i just wish i did n't even have hope any
i know it 's a pretty obvious question , nicotine is usually the reason to why people smoke i think nicotine is alright but kind of overrated , i still snus a lot though
she does n't handle my therapy she just does medicine prescriptions i am attracted to her and want to date h
now that i ve got your attention , i d like to introduce you to me i would prefer to talk to someone in california like me i ve been dabbling in some 3d modeling lately trying to enhance my skills and stuff , i hope someone s interested in that the reason i m getting my pc is to have more space for editing and making my movies it s my passion i m also a huge car enthusiast , so if you hate cars we probably won t get along if you don t know about cars it s ok ! i also talk about anything so tell me about yourself , it ll be fun if you want to know anything more about me feel free to ask , i ll ask about you t
hi ! i'm looking for a management type space game , where i start with nothing and slowly build up a space company , over time being able to upgrades things like the rocket , launch tower , ground buildings \( like mission control \) etc i 've played kerbal space program before , but in career mode collecting science felt extremely unfulfilling , i e launch , crew report , store , eva , crew report over a different biome , store , repeat etc i enjoyed sandbox for a bit but i want to be able to progress something a little less complex would be nice too , ideally having little to no control over the actual rocket , just it 's destination mission and waiting for its return , potentially having a fleet of rockets later down the line too thanks !
george brett from may 1 to august 29 of 1980 459 518 763 , 1 282 ops , 14 hr , 549 woba , 247 wrc , 6 5 fwar pedro martinez from april 4 to june 20 of 1999 91 2 ip , 133 k 's , 18 bb , 1 87 era , 1 20 fip , 38 era , 27 fip , 5 4 fwa
i thought doh was way tougher than isshin ss maybe because you have to treat it like a dark souls boss , and that feels weird after parrying everybody the whole game anyway , feels good man
i have literally never heard of that state bef
i fucking hate it here and i decided to cut again it wasn t even very deep i barely bled and it doesn t feel good enough i have a rubber band on and it barely helps i don t know what to do i fucking hate where i live and i fucking hate everyone i meet sorry for the negativity just ranting here cause i have no one to talk t
when debating theists , i 've noticed that they often try to debunk scientific theories such as evolution , the big bang , etcetera however , what they fail to realize is that science is n't what led me to deny god 's existence i'm not an atheist because science has explained everything i'm an atheist because god ca n't explain anything
i hate being 5'3 because i cant wear clothes without them being too fucking small on me or too big to the point where i look like a little kid trying to wear his father 's coat i just got my letterman 's jacket \( i told my mom i did n't want one because i knew it would n't fit me , but nonetheless , she persisted i get one \) , and low and behold , i put it on the the arms are too fucking long so they just scrunch up and i look like a little fucking munchkin its annoying because i know shes gonna make me wear it because she spent like 300 on it i just wish i could be just 2 inches taller so clothes would actually fit 
i do n't know how to better word this so i 'll show you \( \) i 've tried looking for a recent recovery point but the last one is yesterday so that is n't going to do shit it was working fine a few days ago but now in applications like nexus mod manager and gamemaker studio it 's opening an extra unnecessary tab that should be integrated into the main screen of the progra
i spent the whole tuesday talking with people now i ca n't even leave bed because there 's no energy left how do other people do this \?
tips and tricks \?
i know that alienware laptops use a proprietary connection for their egpu but is it still okay to use a regular thunderbolt connection \? i plan to build my own egpu enclosure because i ca n't afford to buy one and have an alienware and want to know it it would work alright i have n't been able to find any way to use the proprietary connection unless i buy the alienware graphics amplifier so thunderbolt it is any additional advice would be wonderful ! just stepping in on the egpu scene and excited !
i m not actually a student but wanted a proper response i did a levels in chem but can t really remember or more so i remember i m sure that thermal energy is transferred to the metal pole of lesser thermal energy avg therefore hand is colder in this endothermic or exothermic reaction \( rusty \) the pole is taking the thermal energy from your hand which is the same thing as your hand giving away thermal energy \?
i would pay good money for folders inside folders any of you dudes know of a tweak out there in the works that could bring nested folders to ios 12 \?
what s with this new update where you can only choose between support , tank or damage \? \? even if i try to choose more than one it only lets me play one this update is so annoying i
when around girls i like , i tend to overanalyze every moment of our interactions and see what information i can get pretty much everything that i 've previously felt was a sign someone liked me was actually just a sign that someone was nervous and anxious the only thing i can genuinely say about the girl i'm currently talking to is that we have some very long bits of eye contact , usually around five seconds or more even that is suspect , because i see her doing this with another guy is there any way i can get over this behavior \?
title says it much pretty much how much carbs fat can one eat without it being high carb high fat \? i 've heard high carb high fat diets are ba
buongiorno a tutti , ieri sera finalmente ho comprato la raccolta rimasterizzata tu che m ascolti insegnami dell iconico faber ringrazio mio padre per avermelo fatto scoprire , conoscere gi alle elementari medie \( coltivando e riservando un posto per de andr nei miei variegati gusti musicali \) ora ho quasi 21 anni e con questo album mi sto addentrando in ogni canzone , sviscerandone le informazioni , le analisi , i contesti e mi sono imbattuto , come summenzionato nel titolo , nel sequestro ho spulciato decine di articoli ma personalmente non ne ho compreso le cause speravo qualcuno potesse spolverarmi qualche dettaglio \)
my favorite band 19 f looking for friends at similar ages
sorry if this is in the wrong place now i don t have any friends at all \( maybe 2 at max \) but this email from fb keeps really getting me down and annoyingly me basically say \( my name \) , you have more friends on facebook than you think i really hate this email and keeps pulling me down after i ve been in an amazing place the last few weeks
hi all ! just wondering if anyone would be interested in joining my realm , currently setting up a new shopping district and would love some people interested in joining who enjoy the economy side to things as well as having a good sense of humour \) realm is 18 only and all players must have a discord ! we require you to be mostly active too \( min 3 days a week you can get on \) legit survival mode , achievements on , original texture pack , no mods , 18 comment discords
i'm curious , is this really this bad \? processing img kasu1ffmczt21
hey everyone ! just wanna say thank you for anyone in game that has helped me so far ! i just started playing today i 've only done a few courier missions in some local systems i'm still very confused about everything lol \( pilots handbook is my new bible \) just wondering if theres any tips i could pick up from anyone that has more than 10 hours haha anyways thanks again !
im trying to loose weight desperately after gaining 50 pounds two years ago i feel constantly stuck at my current number because i just ca n't loose the weight i make a little bit of progress then i binge and i gain it back i tried to eat healthy today , but my so and i went to the store and got chocolates he was going to make sure i stayed with only one serving when he was n't looking i 'd sneak more he counted them a few mins ago and kept asking me how much i had and i could n't respond because i felt so ashamed now i feel even worse because he took everything and stumped from the room like he 's mad and i just i feel like a pig that 's being punish
my dad was worried a few days ago but today he 's saying that there 's nothing for our family to worry about because we are all in good health is he right \? that there is no chance we will die or have any negative health consequences \? if he 's wrong what would you say to convince him of that \? he 's totally fine with my brother and sister going to school also he was shouting at them last night for saying they did n't want to go into school today thanks in advanc
i'm leveling a blood dk through dungeons currently , and am at 112 i 've heard seen many blood dks just be terrible in keys and what not , but i'm having a blast and feel i'm doing a really good job i tank higher keys , so maybe experience has something to do with it so are blood dks really that bad at high level keys , or is it just experience in the class role \?
looking for married women who are unhappy with there marriage sex life just like myself i m looking for a discreet affair i have two kids that are my entire world looking for women in similar situations who d like go out and grab a drink see what happens just looking to have some adult fun i have been told that i have a great dad bod you can decide i m 5 9 200lb brown hair hazel eyes if you re interested go ahead and message me and if you request a picture i will absolutely send you on
i open instagram , it s full of spammed selfies and people posting cool shit they re doing during quarantine which i can t do \( and the places they re traveling which is so fucking idiotic \) i open reddit , it s full of annoying circlejerking and never ending chains of repetitive jokes and tons of people talking down to tons of other people i know i m being a hypocrite contributing to the circlejerk by posting this but i don t have a life or things i enjoy much so i m just doing this with my time i guess
hey , i m lily and i m looking for friends maybe more seeing where things go really my interests are anime , animals , photography , marvel , supernatural , mma , art , video games , fishing , hanging with friends , archery , lord of the rings and star wars , cosplaying , d amp d if you have any of the same interests let s talk
so this might seem like reassurance but it s not , but i was just wondering should i be worried about not being worried about my violent intrusive thoughts \? like before hand they used to make me super nervous but now it s almost very little anxiety like sometimes i still get anxious but i think my next obsession is now thinking i actually want to do these things because i don t get nervous any
my parents never really had a talk about college im 16 they think its too early to start even if i only have 2 more years of higschool ive talked to them about studying in another country as luxembourg is slighly boring i have talked to my parents about studying in another country but i just now realized how vague they are about it they sometimes mention that i might want to end up studying in luxembourg and i casually talk him through all the reasons why i dont want to they are so invested in my education yet they havent talked to me about university yet i may start up a talk on the specifics of the university i want to go to to avoid my worst fear not moving out
should i get a 2nd burster or a blackhand pistol for my la stalker infiltrat
i finally admitted to someone what happened to me when my ex would force me to have sex or anal sex without lube or consent i found out that it was rape and its torn me apart i knew it was n't right but i never thought of it as rape i'm not sure why i just did n't want to be labelled that way mom i'm scared i'm having flashbacks which started this all and i can feel him in me and it makes me physically sick please tell me it will be ok and i'm not dirty i just ca n't get clean
it just came to my mind that its always god damn laurie that farms me off the hook when the killer is waiting to hit me down again lol
1 \) kieren 's father was an elf , so why is he so surprised to see my elf inquisitor \? it makes me a bit sad that he did n't reference the warden by saying my father is an elf too or something like that 2 \) my hawke was a blood mage , why does he keep talking shit about blood magic \? is he simply trying to hide his powers in the face of the chantry , or has he been through blood magic rehab \?
oroth faction , the chraizenah poll project comments hlbra3 oroth faction the chraizenah poll \( \) t osuua invasion of ornhist , part one of two poll project comments hlbs4p tosuua invasion of ornhist part one of two poll \( \)
today was great i didn t really do much i just chilled majority of the time my family don t really celebrate thanks giving it just like a normal day just like every other sunday i didn t had school today so i just chilled i went a run around my house it wasn t bad besides that nothing really happened i didn t had a goal to accomplish today so didn t really do anything you guys should give me a goal for tomorrow and tell me how your day went
no normies no judging others porn hentai and general nsfw is allowed but no gore or extreme violence all ages and genders welcome your also free to rant and talk about person stuff drop your discord names below
abused always ca n't work bc of illnesses they gave me i'm trapped i'm nothing too many issues for a boyfriend i didnt ask for any of this
i guess you could sayy gt yuri 's lt mind wasnt straight get it \?
why is this and 8 pm est tonight the two people speculate something will happen \?
i m making an animation of me and my friends in a very tf2 like video game i was wondering if i should post it and get some tips
i just wanna see some boobies or something idk i ve got a nasty cold and its 1 am i m out of nyquil so i might as well jack myself to sleep
i'm leaning towards the admiral plan , as it is n't significantly more than the 3 per day , and would allow me to go in just for a coffee , or to hang out with a friend while they ate , etc
guess we 'll see what happens
essentially a chicken or egg first type question just came back from a 2nd date , and so far i m not feeling the chemistry we have some in common , but convos are still a bit small talkish he seems chill i d say he s mildly cute \( like not my usual type as in super cute or mind blowingly hot but still somewhat looks nice esp if he dresses well \) he texts me consistently too in between dates but i m wondering if we kiss or hold hands on the next date if it ll give us a sense of the chemistry \?
m4f 18 maryland , preferably carroll county this probably doesn t belong here but i guess this is just what i ve resorted to to try to have a relationship anyways i guess some things that i could say about myself is that i snowboard , i occasionally compete in archery \( not very well \) , i play video games , and i love music from led zeppelin to queen and twenty one pilots to fallout boy as well as every thing in between the past few years have been a bit fucked up for me so unless you re truly interested i ll avoid that and that s all i have to say for now
i usually jerk off 3 18 times a day , i think it s a lot better than a girlfriend or social life it makes me happy and it gets me sick to my stomach if i don t do it at least three times a day
i want to go in fresh and have a challenge when getting back in to see the updates how should i go about that \? i was thinking restarting every island , but i also heard there was like , a jurassic challenge \? and is 1 5 here , or no \? i dunno , i just want a fresh start without the grind or the frustration
gt my boyfriend and i , chatting about our saturday night plans and getting excited about trying a new pizza place my realization upon getting home that pizza is food that i will have to consume atleast some of surprised pikachu
i don t get it where do you go \? how do you clean up \? i don t know where to masturbate in college i do know when i have time to in my dorm but i don t know where i d dispose of it i don t feel like shooting into a tissue and then throwing it away would be the move , right \? the smell would kind of stick around it s been awhile since i ve masturbated and at some point i ll really need to release someone please help
gracie is in town for the fashion check and i have no items of clothing to match the theme let me know if i can stop by someone 's town and get some items amp x200b list is here n 27 roll clothing \( \) i'm happy to pay 5k bells per it
i realized these days there is no actual english speaking players or people from na out there these days wtf is wrong \? what happened to it \?
i was at a 4 9 1000 deliveries but in a week it 's dropped to 4 83 i'm always polite and deliver food within 20 30 mins i consider myself pretty fast no idea why this is happening
i 've been in a rut lately , i'm a 32 dateless virgin dude and it 's been bogging me down now , things are what they are , i'm not going to relive the past 32 years and change them nor am i a very functional adult nor do i expect to become one soon so the question is how can i make peace with my loneliness and just move on with my life \? if i'm alone then i'm alone , but i 'd like to stop thinking about it and even doing other things only works for so long to change my min
removed view poll \( \)
reply with choice and then send your address
but i do want to keep it under better control the problem is after 2 or 3 , which would be the perfect amount , i keep going back for more and don t stop til i pass out sometimes so much that it takes 3 days to get back to normal
which fallout should i go for next \?
could you explain it to me \?
simply put favorite drum kits , percs and ways to manipulate drum sounds for techno \? this is a topic that often evolves for me personally i 'll sometimes use delay sends here and there , reverbs and frequency shifters on hats and other sounds curious to hear other ideas thanks
i have a winnie the pooh pancake silicone mold i like waffles way more than pancakes so i'm wondering if the heat from a waffle iron would melt the mold it 's not a regular mold and pancakes look like this when used if the heat from a waffle iron would n't melt the silicone mold would the waffles still have a cute smiley face on it like the pancakes \? ouo i do n't want to try this to find out because the pancake molds costs considerably more since i had to do proxy shopping since they are only available in singapore amp japan and i do n't want them ruin
basically my dad is shouting at my older sister because she was using her phone while doing homework and he keeps shouting and yelling about how we are a burden to him ecc my mom seems to agree with him but she does n't shout that much now their going downstairs where my little sister is doing homework and i'm scared because my dad is much more strict with her that my other sister and he 's probably gonna shout that she 's ignorant because she ca n't count well and she 's not good at maths i'm currently hiding in the wardrobe because he 's probably coming to me next and i told my sister to tell him i went for a walk but i'm scared i need positivity
i have ibs , just curious if giving up caffeine changed your digestion for the better or worse \? i m asking about whether giving up caffeine helped , not coffee of course coffee is going to mess with digestion with the hot liquid , acidity , and oils and whatnot maybe if anyone who was taking caffeine pills \( like i currently am \) , and then quit , could answer \?
i ve never been good at accepting things i don t like the way some things are in my life , and i really want to change them , i know there are some things we can t change but for some reason i keep thinking about them i am a 16 year old trans guy which means i was born with xx chromosomes and i m only 5 3 i might grow a bit more , but i also might not , and i don t know how i ll accept that i don t know how to just let things go and accept things the way they are i m transitioning , and i know there are some things i can t change , but how to accept \? i don t know where to start
i remember reading naruto back in middle school , and stopped reading it i decided to pick it up again and i subbed to shonen jump for 2 dollar a month , and as im reading through , the translation felt different i couldnt pin point it till i reached the part where naruto is flicking the bird , and his middle fingers dont show it honestly bothers 
i m absolutely never disappointed by quentin tarantino movies at all , and i ve recently watched death proof and i m amazed at how many people never even heard of the movie it s one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and not get bored of if you haven t yet , definitely find a way to watch it i m new to reddit , so if i messed up and wasn t supposed to post this on this sub just let me know and i ll take it down i m still trying to figure this app out lol
dude used to be a god , now i ca n't even find a single commentary of his
18 f usa i'm looking for someone around my age \( 18 24 \) that 's a christian i'm not looking for this to exclude others ourside of my religion , but i do n't really have any friends who are it 's important to me , so i 'd hope that it is for you too for the sake of our friendship i'm not too fond of starting the conversation solely based on this , but i 'd like to get out of my comfort zone in that way hit me up if this seems like something you 're interested in
looking for a gf relationship , do n't really know what to put here so here some random facts \( feel free to message if you have any other questions \) 1 big person of interest fan \( hence the title \) as well as other shows like mr robot , star trek discovery , red vs blue and more 2 i wear glasses 3 really into computers \( i like to code stuff in my free time and i'm looking for work in the cyber security area \) 4 pretty big gamer \( mainly on pc \) games such as cs go , titanfall , portal etc although i have n't played in a while 5 i like nature and i grow some plants in my greenhouse 6 idk if you have any other questions feel free to ask
so they will actually message me back with the right kind of pictures and about me section \?
what is the pff grade of every draft pick for us this year and what are some of the grades for defens
i can t access a knife and most of the time if i ever do get my hands on one i m too scared to cute deep mainly because it s dull \( i know imma wimp \) so i would just use other methods of self harm like punching myself or pinching my skin really hard until marks are covered all over my arms does anyone else do this or just me \( side note i feel like if i was able to get a really sharp knife like a scalpel then i would cut because you don t have to press as much and it won t take as long to slice through \)
hi ! so i am currently making lesson plans for a class i am taking for my major , and i was wondering if anybody has any examples or ideas that they can share of how to asses the students knowledge at the end of class \? something that is not time consuming like a quiz or test , basically to make sure they learned the objectives \?
the surface of my skin lay out my ability to feel they send tingles through my skin to remind me that i can be killed my eyes are so foggy blurred to the point where i'm phased i can no longer tell if this body can be saved 1 \( utm source share \) 2 \( utm source share \)
ethereal gem ethereal flame prismatic gem ember fla
except , you know , mining and wood chopping and foraging etc etc
fuck cats everytime i go to a house that has cats in it , it smells discusting they constantly move theyre fucking claws when theyre sitting on your lap so then you get scraped theyre all bony and give me allergies i dont care what the fuck you say your wrong if you dont agree cats do not give a shit about their owner it is just the way it is they could live with or without them as long as they have some food fuck cats and fuck you if your downvoting you discusting , obnoxious piece of shit owner i dont even like dogs that much either but cats are so fucking boring and lifeless
i have forgotten the prayer of the swoly father ! i saw it once and did not mark it down so that i may recite it on my daily lift in the name of the iron , the bar , and the holy curl , i beg you to remind me how it went
hi there , fellow human ! i'm a shy and a bit anxious 29 yo person with a european accent , looking for a clean audio call on some app if you feel like you need someone to talk to , i'm all ears i'm open to conversing about most things \( i enjoy art , philosophy , music , literature \) , apart from really urgent things , because i'm not an expert in mental health but if you 're feeling down and comfortable with a mutually respectful voice conversation , feel free to pm \)
250x250 1 transparent plastic sanitary surgical clear face mask disposable medical face masks jpg
i'm turning 20 soon and i 've never kissed a girl or been in a relationship i do n't want to have a negative attitude towards life and i want to be a positive person i went on an incel sub for a couple days , and then i decided that this is not what i want to be i want to be a positive person who believes in himself however , i sometimes catch myself having incel thoughts and attitudes every now and then any tips to not become an incel \? some nice inner game motivation would be nic
as of january 1st , recreational usage of marijuana in my state \( il \) will be legal ! i m not old enough to be able to purchase it legally , however this doesn t stop me from being super stoked that my state will be joining the ranks , lol
i m a man of 35 , and i m nervous that i m headed for a stroke yesterday i woke up with some tingling on the right side of my body , mostly my arm maybe my imagination , but it seemed like there was a slight weakness in my arm as well i ve been repeatedly smiling at my mirror and lifting up both arms still have full use of all my muscles the tingling is still with me , though , and it gets noticeably worse if i sleep on my right side did any of you or your loved ones experience something like this before a stroke \?
hi there ! we the team at www ensu com \( \) , are building an app related to music listening and emotions the premise is that if you listen to spotify , we can help you understand how your music listening correlates to mood emotion states \( specific for you \) , as well as giving you new insights around patterns in your moods and emotions over time we 're a team of mental health passionate people who are all recently out of college , and we 're looking to get input from people on the concept and the app we 're still in beta so would appreciate y'all signingup and giving us feedback ! if you 're interested , please go to www ensu com \( \) and sign up ! feel free to message me if you have any questions \)
i feel like my good friends might be out to get me even though they 're amazing , i feel like i ca n't function and just sit in bed thinking about all the what ifs and shitty things i 've done in my past it sucks and idk what to 
hey guys i'm pretty new to rpg maker mv but i pick up on things pretty quick i'm making a funny short little game for me and my buddies and i'm wondering if i purchase an tile set from maker mv battle \( maker mv battle \) how would i go about importing it into the game so i could use it \?
amo ela e a ela , amo amo ela amo ela a mo e la a moela moela meu mioc rdio vira sistema digestivo e tudo um nojo novament
hello and thank you for reading this , i am struggling a bit lately due to quarantine and my social anxiety i ll get sad , then happy , then sad again i also struggle to find meaningful relationships or people that want to discuss serious topics as well as light hearted ones i am into photography , hiking , video games , travel , and cooking among other topics i hope one day to have a grasp on why i struggle as i do , but don t think that ll be the case happiness isn t meant for everyone , maybe it doesn t mean moments of happiness aren t meant to happen just thinking out loud if you d like to talk some more let me know !
seriously bungo i just want to keep questing without having to wait for my quest page to load every freaking ti
i ca n't click with either button now it worked for like 5 minutes like i said now now matter how much pressure i apply it 's stuck
i am african and i will work in interior of argentina for two years the place is desert in terms of educational system \( because i'm not in the centers \) there are any free 360 hours courses in humanities that i can study for internet around the world \?
hey , so i 've been showing people the features of the monzo app and one of the popular ones was the donut chart that sorted out your categories of spending i 've recently tried to look for it again but i'm pretty sure it 's disappeared from the app anyone know what 's up with that \?
i have pretty toxic family and if i was having a good night and it 's all gone downhill due to some verbal abuse from a family member i reached out to someone i thought i could trust to be there for me and they just left me on read i just need someone to be here for me for a bit
hi 30 something male with asperger , not working at mo interests are music , books , internet , memes , social media can talk about anything please do not pm if you are under 18
ive been looking for a valve index , but i live in denmark so i can only get the controllers and 2 base stations can you use the index controllers with a htc vive headset \? without buying extra stuff or do i need a separate pair of base stations for the vive \?
my sister has a one year old , but anytime she puts him to sleep and tries to re enter the room quietly , he starts screaming and she 'll have to leave her room to come and hang in my man cave \( which i am increasingly getting annoyed by \) , is there a way you parents handle the situation \? cause i want her out of my space asap thank you !
there was this one time where i got a ride home my crush 's dad and my crush gave me a lift it was the first time i 've ever talked to her dad and all turns out despite his tall appearance he was very laid back as we were talking , her dad said his father 's middle name is the same as my family name so i blurted out laughing saying oh ! that makes us family then not realising that my crush turns out is relative of mine now , i'm sure i have no chance incest ai n't in my arsenal at the very least , i hope i can make her happy without the desire to marry her i guess fs in the chat bois
i thought it was highly probable that kemba would join the lakers and make that trio but it does n't look like it why is la not in the mix anymore \?
i ve revived the request for the mission but when i try to go into momentos morgana just says that i need to look into it more , and it won t let me into momentos any help would be appreciat
it happens to me all the time like if i m taking a training class even if it s like a day or two long or somewhere i have to go by myself like a scheduled event that i know is coming up i get super excited like a day or two before but the day of then i get nervous
hopefully the haitus will be over by the time i'm finish
edit i do n't have any real back story , it 's just a general question what cana teacher so to keep me from going to college \?
here is what i mean if i have lets say amp x200b 5 24 8 2 amp x200b how do i make it so the numbers are 2 8 24 5 they are not ordered by value but simply when the numbers occur thx
the girl i have been having a crush on , or whatever to call it , has 185 followers on instagram she only accepts that from people she personally knows , trusts and has a good relationship with so i would like to know , is 185 friends a lot for normal people \? or is that normal \? i do n't have any friends , so i ca n't tell do normal people have like 185 friends on average \?
whenever we get in some sort of situation , he literally explodes and instantly becomes this whole negative person always complaining , always insulting others , always impatient short tempered stubborn as hell and while we re trying to fix it , he still extremely negative and bitter i swear one mistake and you ll get attacked he puts all the responsibilities to my sister and i bc we can speak english but expects us to drop everything \( like telling me to skip school to make a phone call for him \? i had a test today , it can wait \) anyway , so this upcoming days he s gonna be this serious negative person and i already have a lot of stress from school i really really don t want to deal with hi
does anyone know of a used store in uganda that sells old military uniforms \?
how do i correctly say what else can i get for you \? and will that be all \? as if i was taking an 
so i \( the seller \) , got a request for a partial refund on ebay i did n't have the funds in my paypal so when i tried to refund the money , it did n't let me refund the money so i had to transfer money before i could process the refund about 4 days later , i send the refund through paypal now on ebay my return still says return in progress how do i know when the return is complete \?
their games are almost always on the top charts and i just don t get how that s possible considering how low effort and ad loaded their games are this doesn t just go for voodoo , this goes for all of those other low quality games that you see in the top free charts every time one of these companies releases a new game , it s always gets a 4 star rating and makes it to the top charts is this a case of companies botting their games with 5 star reviews or are people actually into that stuff somehow \?
i don t cut often , i do it in the toilet when my parents are asleep and wash it in the sink i clean it because i m a slight germaphobe , and i use soap to clean it but at the end i add some aftershave cause it has rubbing alcohol in it also burns like mf so i just dump the bottle lol
all of 2019 i did doordash and one month of janitor job , then when i sent in my taxes janitor job forgot to send in there taxes and i have no way of contacting them so my whole tax return isn t even accepted yet until they send there s in will someone who did doordash all year still be able to get 1 , 200 check , even if taxes is still in limbo because of another job \? \? i thought they were basing off 2018 taxes but i guess not
recently my sister found a bump on our 2 year old maltypoo on her right shoulder on her back my sister is flipping out about cancers and stuff we checked to see if its a bug bite it doesnt look like it though its under the skin its been about 3 days
i am an orthodox christian by the way
hello i have been using this pad for a month and a strange blister occured it never goes away like that part of the mouse pad is shrinked and created the blister i have never touched on pad with anything , is this elligible to rma \? or is there any fixes for it \?
i want to reduce the stigma of it as a disorder \( as not all sex offenders have the disorder and vice versa \) , but also don t want to demean the traumatic impact abuse has if i talk about the diagnosis issues , treatment and research into the disorder , do you think it would be ok \?
i 've created a site that lets you combine ask your social media posts into one it allows anyone to post stuff from most of the popular social sites \( instagram , twitter , youtube \) , as well as random blogs , and clumps them all together tell me what you think build a social wall \( \)
in a tv show a character will say i need a drink after a particularly stressful or worrying experience is it scientifically proven that consuming alcohol reduces stress \?
i d rather feel like i am out of body the feeling of not knowing where you belong so your life is filled with more curiosity i can t stand keeping my feelings in my head and i enjoy when i can just breathe and allow myself to just not feel anything for a certain point of time i know it s not supposed to be a good thing but without my dissociative properties i don t think i would be alive right now
call me dumb or stupid just starting out in this game , got the map , but ca n't open it again any rift s controller layouts anywhere \?
as in , there could be page and page buttons on the subreddit widget title bar thing , so that you 're not limited to 10 items and can easily view more within those same subreddits
hey there i'm 19 , very tall at around 6'6 , and athletic with glasses i have midterms coming up next week and i just need to release the stress of it all i can provide pics , but i 'd prefer if you respond with your pics t
hey , i could use someone to talk to i'm 17 and i live in the united states i like online gaming , watching videos and shows , listening to music \( especially other people 's music \) , and just nature in general i prefer to talk on discord but anything works hmu \)
the essential oil seems to be much cheaper trying to figure out why
he said that he thinks hillary clinton takes some fluid out of kids brain and eats it because it makes her smarter i wasn t sure what to think at the time but in looked into to it and saw it was qanon i am freaking out rn i heard about it like a year ago from some more news and forgot about it i cannot believe that this has spread so far what the fuck he s just a normal 40 year old father who s executive chef at a restaurant he probably doesn t even know what 4chan or 8chan is where on earth could he be seeing this from \?
is the arizona dps also respond to calls like a domestic disturbance , etc or are they just dedicated to patrolling the highways by issuing tickets and other traffic laws therefore phoenix pd would offer more things to do more often as a job \? i do know that the dps is different for each state like in georgia state patrol the will respond to a 911 call and california they just do state property and highways i just ca n't find anything about arizona that much edit tl dr what are the duties for the dps in arizona vs local pd i do recommend you read above though edit 2 looking for a state law enforcement which handles both traffic and criminal law enforcement like alaska state troopers \( and oregon state police \? \)
i'm new in munich and germany in general , i thought i was going to buy some groceries today and found everything closed so i wanted to know if the grocery markets are supposed to reopen after a certain time , or if it depends on the shop \? when do big stores like edeka and lidl reopen \?
i don t care what anyone says at least for me , being a female fucking sucks
but i have no one to share with or have someone to listen to without getting annoyed at me please dont judge me , i want some who can understand i really need someone to talk to , im 100 alone and have 0 friends
i'm sure not just for me but for a lot of people i feel like i was just blindly living my life believing that nothing would happen , that everything was fine since this has all happened my views on life have 100 shifted , anything can happen now a war , genocide , horrible events that impacted the world if they 've happened before they can happen again 1000 so i do n't want to be the type of person who is like oh that 'll happen never again ! when it very much can happen , life is extremely unpredictable i know there 's a word for it , but i ca n't think of it
did this a couple years ago , had to buy a new phone so i told the seller i was gonna be at summer camp for a month and they gave me free 2 day shipping
hey guys , so i was watching italki and i realize a bunch of people who applied had excellent cameras and equipment however , they also have good lightning i'm wondering how to accomplish this effect do any of you have feedback \?
hey ! i m 18 and a freshman in college im a very kind , shy and sweet guy who s attracted to dominant women i m searching for a relationship and friendship i m white jewish \( ethnically not religiously \) and average build my height is 5 9 , i have darkish brown hair and hazel eyes i ll send you some selfies if you want to see some of my favorite things to do are watch movies , go on walks , go out to eat , learn new things and play video games i have a really kind heart and caring personality and would love to try and cheer you up \) if you re interested in chatting i d love to talk to you ! have a great day
i know that sertraline has a normal maximum dose of 250mg day and psychiatrists are known to prescribe this at 300mg day 400mg day and 500mg day and i was wondering if the same applies to fluoxetine \( prozac \) this is to treat oc
a few days ago i made this post utm source share so now i know i am the type of the other girl the daughter of our friends but now i need to confess to her and i need to do that before wednesday because our vacation is over that day and they live 30 45 minutes away and we are both not allowed to drive so then i wo n't see her for a while so does anyone have a idea how i can confess we are going to a karaoke bar tonight mabey i can do it there if i can get close to her anyone can help me with this \?
i'm missing the co op experience like games like army of two gave me why are n't more games co op focused \? many of my friends moved so online co op the closest we can get to hanging out
got mad at the office again and left because i have nobody to talk to and see everyone else hanging out and stuff my mental health is deteriorating because of this fa life and i do n't know what to do anymore i have so much anxiety and desperation that i can barely even function i literally have nowhere else to meet people other than work and it pisses me off all of these people around and i ca n't even make one friend like i ca n't even fake it anymore as a man i have no support group or anyone to talk to about my situation so i just end up losing it you ca n't tell anyone you are fa or feel alone as a dude because people will just laugh at you or think you 're crazy
i can feel it happening all over again it 's so real and i feel horrible even writing this but it makes me feel like i need to masturbate and i'm so disgusted with myself for feeling that way that i want to hurt myself i dont know how to make these feelings go away other than by cutting myself down there ive done it before but it 's scary i dont know how else to make the unwanted arousal go away i dont know what to do any
cuz i let people down
just looking for someone that i can talk on the phone with , maybe video call with and enjoy their company we can text too but at some point i d like to talk on the phone , and video chat please be open minded , honest , funny and yourself \) i think i have this ability to tell when people are being genuine so there s no need to pretend about me 25 years old no children great job great car beautiful a little crazy loving needy funny \( i think \) 5 6 dark chocolate and curvy
fuck that knocked me back today ive been emotional and then i read those 3 words , 3 simple words you need help shot me way back , now im feeling all suicidal again
and i ll just comment on what i like about her remind you how great she is did this with some guys earlier , i just commented on girl as they sent me pics , really enjoyed it so want to do it again works out really well , fun time nude or non nude but you know what kind guys prefer if you re cool with it ladies , feel free to send pics of yourself if you want kik in my bi
how do i transfer edited raw files that i then turned to jpeg on my computer to my iphon
tantalized byt he cockroach andits prmise i fantazise about soaring with goldenwings
i didn t want to admit but people around me told me that my ex was abusive and i was in a abusive relationship through the whole time since i m out of it now and now that my rose tinted glasses are cracked i can see red flags much more clearly but still i miss him it s so peaceful to sleep without worrying him disappearing when i wake up or crying over every single thing he said but i still miss his sweet talks i feel like i might never meet someone who loves me more than him like he told me this is so painful
i was clean for almost 6 months and then i relapsed in like december and i think the longest ive lasted since was a week or so im such a fucking burden time to die ahaha
gt be me gt tweezes right eyebrow gt shows to sister , asks how does this look \? gt sister says it looks good ! d gt me mmm well i want it to be thinner though gt tweezes eyebrow some more gt looks at finished eyebrow gt fuck its fucked gt me to me you absolute clown gt tries using prismacolor dark brown colored pencil to fill in since mum 's is too light gt doesnt work gt sad \(
the heck \? \? \? i finally figure out why so many of my brothel whores have abysmal attractiveness scores , and i find out it s because of professionalism ! that s so wack , i never would have figured that out without cheat mode and the extremely useful breakdown u pitchitafar made holy mackerel , i was so confused but now it makes sense also , that s wack why can t professionals be horny \? their job is having sex , why would you give a bonus to someone who hates having sex \? sadg
i found this community earlier today , i have been watching aurora 4x videos since , this seems like an amazingly specific game to play , just my kind of games ! so i would like to ask , what videos , tutorials , wikis , and articles are best to start \? also , i have watched a few already what should i do first in my first game \?
i m not going to link it because i don t want to give it anymore attention but it s particularly vets and seniors o rourke has made clear what he thinks of vets and seniors on his websit
avatar the last fenderben
not sure if this is the right place to ask but it seems right music is my favourite thing in the world i ve always wanted to get into working in the music industry , after recently finishing a temporary job , i m ready to try and start doing what i actually want to do i would love to get into backstage crew or road tour stage management i know they aren t jobs that you can just go into , but i m unsure where to begin ! gaining experience or qualifications no idea if anyone could offer some advice it s all welc
ive tried so many combinations and methods but nothing gets higher than 75k hr currently im doing bandos with rapier fury drag defender fire cape d boots , and getting 75k on the kendal , trapped souls , spirit tree , khazard warlord and count draynor ive tried dharoks on these and it gives me between 70k 75k ive tried vs bouncers and black demons but it doesnt change anything ive tried overloads , and super combat , its the same can you give me any tips at all to raise it \? without sand snakes and king roald cos those quests take forever my stats are 85atk 93str 80def if that matters
i hate to be that guy kde is the most polished desktop on gnu linux and in general feature wise it has created the perfect workflow for me , but even with all that in mind , crashing has been a problem for me since i first started using kde on version 4 it has been better with every update but my system crashes at least once per day ! either kwin crashes , completely removing application window borders or my panels stop working , or dolphin hangs , and i'm not using any obscure hardware everything is libre to the tooth system is a thinkpad x220 on debian buster \( problems occurred on stretch as well \) , so no obscure video card or anything is there something wrong with my setup or are you experiencing the same things \? any solutions \?
i have a hackintosh install and i have linux installed too but manjaro isn t showing up in the boot loader how can i add it to opencore \?
i own a ps4 and i was hoping someone could recommend me a game with a large amount of character customization and skill customization i want a game that allows me to build all kinds of characters from berserkers to sneak builds i prefer it to have real life combat instead of turn bas
hi i guess i m looking for a friend a person who can talk about anything i have adhd so i can find it quite hard to make new friends , so i am a little shy and i apologise if i seem a little random at times or i take maybe a while to reply i like mountain biking and travelling i also have a chihuahua which is cool ummm i think that s about it \? thanks
uuwx x3xg amp list rdf uuwx x3xg amp start radio 1 \( uuwx x3xg amp list rdf uuwx x3xg amp start radio 1 \)
best dating stories and the worst dating stories with online meetups
this is my favorite place on reddit !
i trust you to adequately define fight dor yourself view poll \( \)
hi everyone , first time on this sub i'm a singer i guess karaoke really young , been part of choirs and acapella groups my whole life but something changed in college and in my acapella group where i just lost that i do n't even know how to describe it singing used to feel so freeing and easy but somewhere down the line it just got so much harder i stress about notes and lyrics and literally everything about it and it brings me nearly to tears because music singing has always been my rock my escape , in a way , from all the stresses of life and now it just feels like fear please if anyone has any advice for me , i 'd appreciate it i 'd give my life to feel that sensation i used to have again
since both compliment each other it would n't be right if they were n't playing together i think once theyre both in decline it would be best if they retired the same yea
this year , mostly the past few months , i ve cried so much sometimes i ll be okay for the whole day but then i start laying in bed a bit and thinking and over thinking and stressing and then i start to cry and sometimes i cry like so much like noisy crying it feels like my whole world is ending and i hate my life and stuff like that i do have really horrible anxiety and i m insecure about myself to the max about everything in my life so things like that do probably help lead up to my crying fits is this normal or a symptom of something bad \?
i ve done this at least three times , and now i m wondering if i put my engine in any significant risks i feel so dumb for slacking off the past two times i ve definitely learned my lesson
i had a huge panic attack today ! yay ! i saw someone that looked like the teacher that sexually assaulted me , which caused me to panic then i had to go to school \( i was still crying \) and the teacher , thankfully , let me go outside the class so i could calm down and i ended up self harming when i got home i love this ! 
i scroll through this subreddit on a daily basis in search for making new friends but every single time someone 's post seems interesting , their reddit age is only a few days or no more than a few months old are there seriously that many scam accounts out here or what is the your reason to have finally signed in \?
i just got officially diagnosed with pcos yesterday and was wondering if anyone else had has issues with hair loss balding \? my hairline has slowly been receding the past year or so and i 'd say that this is my most distressing symptom out of all of the ones i deal with \( even over the facial hair growth and pain \) does birth control help your hair grow back \? or once it 's gone , is it just gone \? my doctor is prescribing me some kind of birth control to go on to help with the symptoms so i'm really hoping it works but i just thought i 'd ask on here too thank you
i m a little bit of an audiophile , have fiio fh7 s and fa9 s but obviously it s not always practical to have wires etc , and want some wireless ones that can be used for phone calls as well as a decent experience for music , overall price doesn t matt
people on here telling me to workout , but i'm allready fucking exhausted after walking 4 miles , after not sleeping well for about a month \( 4hours and less \) anyone experienced this weakness before \? i wish i had my old strength back
i have this weird longing feeling to cut nothing particularly bad has happened to me , and im not really upset but the feeling is there , the want to punish myself for something i did even though i don t know what i did i have friends who care about me , but the ones who mean the most to me don t know i cut i dont exactly have a reason to stop , and that s what scares me i don t have any reason to stop and who knows if i ever will \? part of me knows that i should , but another part of me doesn t want to stop until the day i di
this is a weird question for the girls here my anxiety has been crazy heightened recently and sometimes i feel this weird tingling sensation in my clit area i ve only gotten this once before about 2 months ago could this be caused by anxiety \? no judgement pls thank u i m so scared of having pga
for regular water testing when should i test it \? i know its weekly , but before water change , after water change , somewhere in the middle \? thanks for the help !
looking for a long sloppy deepthroat with plenty of licks , kisses , and drooling kik rpartist
hey i would like a nice lady to talk to i can keep it classy whatever you want i can hold conversation i m an open book we can talk about whatever you want message me for my kik na
my dad says he loves me very much , but i do n't feel that i'm 18 now , and he never really showed too much love \( in my point of view \) i think he 's the type of guy who thinks showing emotions mean weakness does anybody has the same experience \?
im a guy who does it a lot and if i were to have sex could that kill me \? like a heart attack
this is a very strange generation to be a woman it suppose that your body will only be for the eyes of your husband but you can check modern women nowadays in social media specially , instagram and all their private body parts are publicly display for all men to see , or even men who do n't know that lady there is no secret in being who you are as a woman in this generation because your history as a person is all over the internet very bizarre generation we are living in
am 61 bells pm 75
ahh finally after having 5 days off sitting thinking about the first day and barely being able to sleep last night i made it in there and got the orientation over ! they had a thing two times where you had to say your name and what happiness means to you lol i was nervous af but some how got through it ! i have 2 more days of training and then all the anxiety shit is over and i just work !
thank you for helping me pass my history quiz again this week lord working full time , going through a break up , and deciding to enroll back in school i m also struggling with anxiety lord knows i want to do better for myself and i work hard and i say a prayer before each quiz and i ve passed each one thank you jesus !
that is all i have to say today , after clonazepam failing me and i still had 3 extra anxiety panic attacks
i want to do actual combat medic stuff
125 aud mint condition \( posting in reddit so people can hold me accountable \)
if this is flair is wrong tell me what to change it too bc i dont use flairs much lol \( sorry if its wrong \)
i'm typing this randomly in the middle of the night i 've been feeling very lonely for a while now and i need my mom more than ever i do n't know how i survived till now , may be denial and i do n't know how i will survive the future i feel like my friends ca n't understand , my relatives ca n't help only she could have helped me through something like this but she 's not there i think , piece by piece i'm forgetting her , however hard i try to keep her in memory
i have a plot , just dm me do n't worry , i'm not going to play some cheesy shy , over the top innocent femboy , i'm not a walking clich when you dm , i ask you send you reference , and kinks , i 'll do the same we 'll talk about the plot , if you dislike it , we can always use one of yours , or come up with one together i'm semi lit to lit , and am central u s a timezome , so if i'm asleep when you read this , sorry
alan rickman tom hanks robin williams
i fell off pretty hard over the holidays gonna get back on the wagon again sorry i know this post is boring , but writing it out makes it seem like more of a commitment lol
im bored tonight and really horny is anyone willing to exchange nudes and videos then msg me on kik emmajoliya94
i wish there was a way to mirror flip the buttons on the bottom of the card but not somewhere hidden in the settings panel , but in the sidebar , or the little floating button somewhere quick
i'm from the uk , so if you 're from the uk too that would make things easier but i'm open to everyone ! i do n't care about age , gender or anything that might persuade you otherwise from sending me a message , so feel free to send me a dm and we can get to know each other \)
a place for members of r malaysianpunjabi to chat with each oth
i screwed up today it s day three i wanted to stop right before i came but a little came out and even after i stopped so much fucking cum came out it just kept going and going so just imagine what one week would feel like new goal in lif
i came across this lexus on craigslist the price seems strange but i would n't mind paying for an inspection on the car the real question is , is it as reliable as a toyota or a honda \? you all probably already know the spiel but i'm a college student who needs a daily driver to get to work and school reliably for as long as possible i know how do most basic maintenanc
hey guys i was n't going to buy the book , but iv'e been hearing that everybody loves it how good actually is it though \? just asking because i want to support the universe if the people working on this stuff are actually doing a really good job , and not just cashing in thanks
i 've been learning german for 2 years , recently completing a gcse in it and getting a 9 \( a a \) but i'm now in my third week of a level german , and feel like i should switch to something else i got my first piece of writing in the course back , and it was littered with mistakes everyone else in the class seems to be so much better than me , so i feel like i'm not going to do well anyone got any advice \?
i hate that i'm addicted to sexting single men , married men , older and younger than me i feel like it 's literally becoming a part of 
i woke up this morning to my black spanish newt dead it was lying at the bottom of the tank not moving and a lot whiter in color i proceeded to tap it with my net to no avail he was dead , and probably for a while considering the color if anyone can give me a little insight on to what might have cause it that would be great i have another spanish newt in the same tank and he s doing fine the black one was acting fine yesterday so i don t know what happened my current theory is maybe he choked on something like an abnormally small rock from the substrate \?
hie i don t really have much to say except that i m looking for friends message me if you are too !
if i ever come out i ll loss my family especially my younger siblings who i helped raised i stayed due to them , making sure they wouldn t forget me but no it feels like it s falling apart because my parents would tell them negative stuff about me and they can tell i don t act muslim i really wish it was easier , i wish i had male privilege sometimes i wish i could just peacefully leave earth and see what s on the other si
so i was just browsing some fan art on my way to stop masturbation but unfortunately i ejaculated without even touching or moving my penis is it worthy to stop my streak and start over \? or can i let it pass \?
i ve been pretty exhausted physically and mentally but trying to stay optimistic , take a positive step and reach out not looking for too much , usually get along better with other people around my age i just appreciate good , open and casual conversation , preferably from someone atleast my age or older quick hobby list food and cooking working out internet browsing books podcasts music comics manga movies collecting sports cards fishing outdoors plus more , but overall a simple guy hit me up if you re interested , i usually am pretty good at replying promptly to texts
hello , first of all , i'm sorry for my terrible formatting anyways , last year i joined an architecture explorer 's group in my school , where we got an introduction to careers in architecture , such as model building , the day to day activities of an architect at the sponsor firm , and designs the architect told us that portfolios would be expected when applying to colleges and universities , and that my woodworking and pyrography would look great in the portfolio , but he never told us exactly what a portfolio is is the portfolio a website \? is it a big folder i submit with my applications \? thank you for taking the time to read my sprawl and answering my questions
i read a relationship advice book advocating women stay single until they love themselves completely , otherwise the relationship will most likely be unhealthy this book got me thinking that because i have terribly low self esteem and i might never love myself completely , how high does my self esteem have to be in order to have a healthy relationship with someone \? i feel like right now being in a relationship would be unfair to the other person because of my many issues and i would probably become codependent just wanted to discuss this with everyon
i see a lot of orders in level 3 order book of zerodha but the total order quantity shown on top seems to be way higher than that why is that so \?
dom is in boxes , comment your offers \)
they only show you what you look like , but they dont show you who you are insi
hey \( 18f \) i ve been waiting to get into a proper relationship and lose my virginity to someone who i love \( at the time at least \) but tbh i m kinda giving that up really debating if i should just lose it to some dude or to an acquaintance randomly on a drunken night or some shit idk man i kinda just wanna have a hoe year and experience this shit
sports the game according to me episode 41 sports cancelled , suspended for the time being amp x200b sfw amp x200b tripletts show episodes the game according to me episode 41 sports cancelled suspended for the time being ebr8rc \( tripletts show episodes the game according to me episode 41 sports cancelled suspended for the time being ebr8rc \) amp x200b this week we talk about sports cancelled , suspended for the time being amp x200b the game according to me is a bi weekly podcast where i , aj trip , will talk about the big stories going on in the world of sports and wrestling
everyone seems so focused on nz and italy that the permutations of the england v france game has been ignored these permutations are clearly more significant since despite what people are suggesting , italy were never going to beat nz by 8 points and change the qf draw however france had a real shot of beating england and since being denied the chance they now face a tougher opponent and england an easier one if anyone should feel short changed it should be the french
i'm ignant , do n't know if being male qualifies so maybe misflaired , what does moid actually stand for \?
i was forced into a discord chat with two very extroverted guys who have been asking me random stuff , now they re saying stuff like ask us somethinh tfff \? now , me being an intp this finna give me a social anxiety attack what do i say , i m acting like my computer died rn do um yes help
should i root my phone or not what 's the disadvantage of me doing so \?
\) maybe just maybe we 'll click and make something awesome !
one morning i decided to log in to my skype with my school 's computer then skype asked for my email \( since i never had the email for it before \) and started getting complicated by confirming my age i put my bod and now i got taken to this page \( \) has anyone ever been through this \? how do i get my skype back \? i do n't want to insert my card information because i do n't trust skyp
i m a high school student , i wanna vibe and i need help with my assignments lol
i heard physical chemistry is one of the hardest chemistry due to the sheer amount of math and physics involved in this subject how can i prepare for this class \? which calculus should i brush on before taking this course \? \( im taking pchem i \) what book is good for pchem \?
besides the post asking to identify a shoe can every who posts shoe picks also label the sneaker they re taking a pick of thanks
a place for members of r justachat2 to chat with each oth
obviously you have way more bounce on a trampoline , however i do front flips way better if that makes any sense i can jump one and a half feet up on my airtrack and not land a frontflip and i can literally whip a standing front with practically no knee bend on tramp and land it i think it has to do a lot with how comfortable i am , and i m wondering if there s any way to grow more confortable doing it on non trampoline surfaces
so i was rereading the search and smoke and shadow for the first time in years since i forgot a lot of details in the two , there were various hints at the idea of redemption for azula , such as this \( \) being one of the most prominent is it possible that azula will get redemption of some sort through the comics later on , or does it look like plans have changed \? \( some people argue s amp s as redemption for her but i don t agree \)
what i want is a lockdown button in my room that sets an alarm , the alarm goes off if the front door opens issue is that the door is on the other side of the house possible \?
btw this is mostly a joke , but if you actually wanna chill hmu
i posted about the cutting thing but i deleted it it got so many comments i was n't prepared for that but thank you for praying
what i am trying to do is ``` list 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 for i in range \( 1000 \) print \( list i , end \) gt gt gt 12345123451234512345 ``` what i have tried is using itertools cycle , but cycle is not iterable i'm a beginner so i have no clue if it 's possible to do exactly what i'm asking right now using cycle , but doing ```next \( \) next \( \) next \( \) ``` when i want to skip three items in the list does n't seem right obviously the actual code \( if it 's possible \) itself could be wildly different , but this is what i need for my mini project thanks !
donald trump who 's there \? joe biden who 's where \?
good day to all you good chosen undead , bearers of the curse , and ashen ones ! i was wondering about this thing soul memory what is the highest i should go and what is the best way to stop my soul memory from rising ! i would like to be able to co op as much as possible ! thank you , have a fantastic day evening !
hi , having a choice between these two which one is better \? which one is more quiet and faster \?
i need exorcist and some help please with projecting
i need a cheap phone and i want to make sure it can at least run snapchat do you guys know of any \?
the studio , the design team or sega themselves for letting this go through \? bare in mind though that it 's the same vfx house who designed detective pikachu the vfx house is called moving picture company mpc picture com there 's a thousand theories online so hard to track down the ultimate culprits but it obviously seems like a design made by committee so can assume there were multiple chefs in the kitchen who came out with something that looks a homogeneous mess
i guess i'm just another fuck up i get attached to people to easily i do n't want to but i get attached then in the i always suffer idk why this happened i do n't think my happiness is ever a real thing coz when it time i wo n't matter i feel like just another piece of fuck up or better say shit
got my pizza , tipped the delivery driver 100 , went for a drive just finished smoking n eating , loaded my gun , now im listening to some music and waiting for sunset , its peaceful i wonder if anyone will remember 
does anyone have any good advice or techniques on how to handle a dermatology bill \? i'm just a college student who works part time and i of course do n't necessarily make as much , and i'm trying to see what i can do to save money on my part i respect the high costs but i also have heard of instances people being able to dispute or negotiate for a lower cost i will also try reaching back out to my insurance provider and dermatologist regarding it worse case scenario i 'll pay it eventually , but i would like to save some money if possibl
so i always look like the toxic one , or the wrong one , because i have communication issues
hey ya 'll thundy here , i might scrap mm melted minds due to lack of ideas , i have no where near enough ideas to make the military base look good and make the military base , a military base i'm sorry for disappointing you all i still dont know if i 'll continue development , i do n't know what 'd help 
a place for members of r smonsterdj to chat with each oth
i need someone to use their abilities to help me with this one simple question why is my life so shit also , why is my love life always so fucking chaotic \?
for this poll , the pedophiles and zoophiles are offending they are n't just attracted , they actively abuse animals children view poll \( \)
filler filler filler filler filler filler filler fill
hey daddy , are you hard and horny and need to cum tonight \? come play with my pretty pussy , perky boobs and sexy body , then slide that hard dick inside my wet pussy oohh yes daddy , go harder , faster , , , message me for 
i saw it after being somewhat reluctant even as a hellboy and mike mignola long term fan i let the reviews put me off even though a small part of me wondered if it was just crapped on for not being del toros hellboy 3 now im pretty sure that was the case it was cheesy yes but no more so than the old movies hellboy is actually a lot closer to his comic persona has a great stylish opening followed by a fantastic vampire luchador fight great soundtrack and surprisingly funny at times lobster johnson ! i really feel this movie was kinda done dirty , i found it a lot of fun full of comic references
armor , heal every 2 sec or defense up \? i feel like the 5 dmg buff does nothing
i m 17 i ve only ever done very light cat scratches like very light but i m going to go to the shops and buy a blade today with this blade it is easier to get blood and i ll have a go on my body where people can t see the cuts like on my hip , under my underwear line or on my calves but i m tempted to do it on my wrist and i will try not to because i know it will be so visibl
i can only see that kid as a time bomb , waiting to explode , and nancy moving away with billy does n't seem like the best option so far i 've read , the story about a boy being crucified after he 's killed hoping to resurrect him is real , but only that what do you expect in third season \?
i'm not sure if it 's just me , but i feel like pyro is actually a genuinely well spoken person , and he seems to like making the review videos much more than the usual videos he makes for example , his video the worst sequel you have n't seen is probably the best video he has produced maybe it 's just me , but i like his review videos much more than the usual ones
so i m 5 foot 7 and around over 20 stone , my ideal goal is to lose half my body weight and i want to do this in the best way possible i am nervous about weigh ins and the fact someone will know my weight and i will feel so judged and horrible about the size i am i have the money to join , i m just very nervous and want to know if it s really a good plan and genuinely works for people of my weight \? thanks
i am certifying my benefits at my given time today
yeah i want them to be 1 , 5 inches deep amp hit mussle or something bc nothing hurts anymore and nothing is deep enough and i felt only ok when i did that a year ag
i do n't know if they try to add pieces or possibly trade him just wondering what options there are because arenado is n't happy
i ordered a fury edge bundle with one accessory i accidentally ordered the grinder when i meant to order the glass wpa , i instantly emailed them and told them i would like to switch it out i just got an email saying the shipped out my item with the grinder the thing is i already have a grinder and was really looking forward to the glass wpa
i ca n't find a vr headset that can fit in a phone that 's bigger than 6 inches i'm trying to find other ways for it to work like maybe adjusting the resolution or the scale of the visuals of my phone so it can match the position of the left and right eye of the headset ca n't find answers on google , or maybe i just could n't understand it because i'm new to this if i'm gonna play vr games , is there an app or a setting that can help me match the visuals of my phone to the point of view of the headset \? thank you !
i just learned about kratom today , i think it could really help with my anxiety how addictive is it , and can you build up a tolerance \? i 've tried phenibut in hopes it would give me euphoric relaxing effects , i got neither i slept like a baby on it though , which i hope is possible to feel on kratom too how would you describe the way it makes you feel , like a sedative \? that 's the feeling i'm going after any advice would help a lot !
i got a durgod hades 68 with gat browns and i gotta say i'm not happy i had cherry browns on my previous keyboard and gateron browns definitely feel better for typing but they are inconsistent and sometimes it 's smoother sometimes it 's more tactile and takes more force to press a key sometimes a key legit gets slightly stuck so it takes more force to press and then it just slams down also my backspace sounds like shit just after 20 days of using the board it started rattling is this normal for gateron \?
anyone in nyc right now that could see how bad the roads are right now \? yesterday was awful but wanted to know if the roads are clearer than it what it was
hi so i dreamed about me being in this unfamiliar neighborhood where it had a couple vans and a black pickup truck , in my dream i was there saving two pitbull dogs from being killed , they were chained in with the truck tire , dogs were aggressive n all but managed to save them from the 2 men , the rest i don t remember but yesterday i was walking the kid i tutor home and the same exact neighborhood and the black truck were there , i froze cuz i was a bit freaked out when i realized it s the same place \? what does this mean \? \? \?
european time zones preferred , any age !
does your brain burn calories \?
the only difference in a victim and a villain is who is telling the story
i was thinking about it recently , and it 's actually pretty fortunate that humans sleep for a third of the day , and for most of that time , the sun is down and we spend most of our time awake while the sun is up if the sun was shining for , say , 24 32 hours out of a 48 , would humans be able to stay up longer \? would evolution have been different \?
i 've been to a lot of fine dining restaurants in the past nowadays i prefer places that are reasonably priced and have good quality i realised how much money i 've wasted just to feed my ego there are so many restaurants that serve food with good quality and quantity what i could get in a few dollars used to cost me a lot has anyone of you guys made such a transition \?
um hey ! i'm 22 and i wanted to see if anyone wanted to be friends , if you 're a stoner perfect we can smoke up together ! even if you do n't wanna talk i 'll appreciate you if you could suggest me new songs or just send me your playlist ! i love watching thriller mystery shows and i love watching a lot of sitcoms as well !
\( \) amp x200b
gt chainweasel after switching to 3rd shift i'm only on when everyone else i know is as work and they 're on while i'm sleeping , so any night owls or 3rd shifters down for nsa random fun add me \)
i have a rough situation at home and no one to talk t
hi , my name is marc i am 21 year old dude from the philly area i like to consider myself to be a writer but , if i'm being honest , i have n't written much lately i'm into all sorts of things like reading , netflix , playing some video games and actual deep conversations i have all the socials , i know discord is the preferred communication method of most people here but i am very open to any other platform discord kinda sucks sometimes lol anyway , my favorite movie is the big lebowski , wait maybe it 's pulp fiction idk my favorite musician is kurt cobain and i am a die hard philadelphia eagles fan !
so , we developed an fictive who s an ai and i still can t believe it i feel like i m making it up , but during a class she started a damn near war with the other alter , who s also not a human , because he s mute i couldn t focus with her words ringing through my skull and the other alters defending the other i just feel so weird about it she hasn t made her role clear yet , but she s a comfort character , so maybe that s why we developed her \? i don t know , but her voice is the loudest it s identical to the character i guess i m just in disbelief and wanted to tell someon
here s a song for you honey by boy pabl
considering `a 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 ` `b 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 ` what i want is `c 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 ` pay attention , i do n't want this ` 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 `
hey guys i see a lot of people talking about the delayed packages and i totally understand that i heard ems is holding all packages i ordered my haul two months ago and haven t gotten any updates on it i ve had this happen before and it just came on my doorstep one day is my package being held up or is it just somewhere between the warehouse and my place \? thanks guys again i m sorry if you ve seen this message a million times i know there are delays i know they take a while but i have no clue if it s still at the warehouse thanks you !
i went home from school the other day and took the gun out of the safe again i'm basically practicing at this point i took a 357 round back to college with me because that 's the bullet that will eventually kill me once i graduate school only when i get my degree because i want to make my family and myself proud one last ti
i will admit that i used to be a bit of a creep i used to buy pics from women , dm any hot girl from my graduating class , and use anonymous apps to satisfy myself sexually i did n't want that to be me though so i 've been getting better i deleted the anon apps , unfollowed blocked all those women , and i masturbate less i even have a girlfriend now and what i wanted to know is whether or not she deserves to know someday i'm worried that if i tell her someday that she 'll hate me so should i just leave it all in the past \?
dm or comment your instagram name for the invite we re 9 individuals so far , all writers actively participating
figured he d at least make a cameo or something
i have n't played through kotfe yet and was planning on taking my male inquisitor through it the first time i watched a few videos here and there and discovered that the voice acting for it sounds a bit off understandably , it 's been a few years since the original dialogue was recorded , so not all the voice work is going to be consistent just wondering if anyone 's played from start to finish on a class that did have voice consistency
hi , 23f here my dog came inside after a walk outdoors and he stepped on my foot and gave me a deep scratch on my toe about a month ago the wound is healed now my question is , should i have gotten the rabies post exposure vaccine from this \? i m concerned that he stepped in a rabid animal s saliva while outside on his walk and then when he scratched me it got in me thank you
so i 've been expiriencing troubles when i want to buy primogems the game does n't accept my credit card and denies the payment , i asked the bank and they say it 's all good on their end there are only 3 days left for the childe banner and i really need him , and mihoyo wo n't let me spend my money on their game , does anyone has the same problem as me \? also , i tried using different cards , some were of relatieves and the payment would n't go through tried paying from play store , same issu
i just bought a house without a dishwasher , i had one installed in the empty slot around the 4th load i go to the basement and see there is about 5 gallons of water on the floor under where the toilet is i go to the toilet and see that there is water dripping from the line that goes to the tank to the valve i empty out the tank but when i run the dishwasher it fills the tank backup and the leak starts again \? i am wondering what the connection would be between these two \?
i am a geeky teenager , only have about a year and a half to worry about it now , i am going to get myself an apprenticeship in drywalling and i will be missing out on the whole college experience , i do not need people to tell me that it is a stupid idea , because i know what comes from my decision so yeah , how could i make friends \? i also probably wo n't have a ton of money because i 'll be paying for my own apartment \( i also do n't have any irl friends now unfortunately \)
may not apply to all of us you 're breaking generational curses that 's why things do n't come so easy for you ! you 're who your bloodline has been waiting for ! i do n't know about you guys but my family is full of alcoholics
i want someone who can sketch out a few tattoo designs for me they don t have to be immaculate or anything i just have zero drawing ability and stick figures won t cut it i would be eternally grateful if someone could help me out
i m a raiders fan and i come in peace since we essentially swapped a coach that was terrible for and likewise was terrible for you who won this trade after one season cable gave us a i would say a solid season we did have some injuries this season but jacobs \( our rb \) had a monster season because of the opening the o line would give us but what about you guys \? was a ken norton more of a gain or lose in y all opinion \? i just want to have a discussion
i know this sounds so cheesy but i was watching fast and the furious 7 and i couldn t help but admire the strong sense of family and loyalty between all the members of the group , i ve never had that before cuz i grew up with an abusive mom and a judgemental father and i would really appreciate having a loyal and nonjudgemental family that accepts me for who i a
i'm going to adopt a stray cat that is 3 months old do you have any advice for a first time cat owner \? any advice or tips \? thank you for reading !
facts ! ! ! ! ! ! !
myself , my dad and a number of other members of our clan have been stationed there for years , over time the long service has led to be the way we chose leaders and so we have seen a few rotations , however now our current leader has been inactive for over 3 months , and it 's starting to cause us to lose a bit of authority , is there anyway we can remove him and promote a new leader \? as we dont want to start a new clan , or leave amp x200b thanks for any help !
today is day 3 for me i picked up my second white chip last night been avoiding it since i picked up my first one in august of 2019 turns out i m not only an addict , i m an alcoholic and that s okay sober october is my goal , which will be difficult considering my birthday is october 19 that one day at a time mantra really is helping me right now these night sweats and the anxiety are intens
this also happened yesterday but went away quickly and all my items showed up but now this morning it says i have not yet submitted shopping agent items when i have about 11 that were in the warehouse yesterday \? edit its fine now
for more information about me look at my profil
im just done with lif
anyone looking for more friends \? message me i love meeting new people , i like gaming , reading , writing , and music it 's mostly nerdy stuff and metal if that makes me seem like a good person to talk to feel free to message 
there was a video i found on marilyn manson 's youtube channel titled autopsy , what is it \? what is the meaning of it \?
i live in south africa we do get shoe drops but not travis scott drops since they drop on the snkrs app and i have an iphone and the app is not available in my country
cardinals just released him and we need a 1 receiver badly maybe he 's not a 1 but he could help our depth
because of corona i haven t been at my college in like a month pretty much but today i m suppose to go in to get the rest of my supplies \( i m in a cosmetology program \) so we can do this virtually schooling on zoom for the next 3 weeks and literally all i have to do is go into the building and get my stuff and leave , and there s probably only gonna be like one teacher in their and they have to stay 6ft away anyways but i m still getting slightly anxious and i m like wtf there s nothing to be anxious about like what s the worst that gonna happen anxiety is so annoying i can tell myself a 100 times in my head that literally there s nothing to be nervous about yet i still get nervous
why would you threaten your children \? do you want us to behave out of fear of abandonment \? do you want us to fear you \? to be honest dad , i m just tired of it all i m not even scared well , i say that now but i know that as soon as i hear the telltale signs of rage i ll be trembling naw
i'm on console and am hunting down trophies i'm doing the alphabet legacy trophy and idk my game glitched out so now people are dying and grim is literally just standing around doing nothing how to i reset it because i have n't sa
hello what would be a good subreddit where i can get help and advice on my personal life problems \? thanks i appreciate it
i have two , mostly full , 10 ml bottles of oil blends from planet therapy lemon cupcake and luckiest from their st patrick s day kit and i don t like the scent of the blends at all i tried offering them to friends and family but no one i know wants them can i just through them in the trash \? or is there a better way to properly dispose of them \? i know this is a dumb question and i feel stupid asking it but i just feel bad getting rid of two mostly full bottles of oil that no one wants and i want to make sure i get rid of them safely
hey there , hope you 're healthy mentally and physically during these rough times i always enjoyed getting to know people and making new friends , i 'd love to chat with someone new through out the day , we can text but i prefer to call as i can feel closer to the person i'm ali i consider myself chatty and love to make others laugh some of my interests include cooking , working out , motorcycles , martial arts , video games , anime , cinema and art but we can talk about whatever you 'd like i dont really mind just message me and we 'll take it from th
i entered for bfn and was disappointed to see i did n't win as it was the only game i truly wanted out of the bunch anyone got an extra code by the chance \? or a code they do n't wanna redeem \?
i was thinking of putting together a care package with tapestry s , band merch and his favourite sweets is this a good idea \?
doing pretty good barley thought about it
i 've been thinking about eating a lucky woman out for a while now and i ca n't stop thinking about it i'm a hispanic man who 's 5'10 somewhat thin at 160 pounds i also have a 7 dick that we can maybe get to if things play out right
i ve made some fake accounts on instagram and stuff to follow old friends to see what they re up to but once i follow them with the fake account i notice that they block me within like 10 minutes is there a way that they may possibly know it s me \? i make sure to just log in on the actual website and never link any of my accounts to the fake account
trade i have some extra legendary pokemon from oras to trade the pokemon are as follows rayquaza , entei , mewtwo , uxie , mesprit , latios , thundurus , suicune , terrakion , cobalion , virizion , heatran , and ho oh looking for any shinies i do n't already have so send me them offers ! \) edit ho oh and entei have been taken
hi all looking for buds to talk to having a rough time with feeling unmotivated and just feeling like i can t do anything right nothing super serious would like to talk to someone to help get my mind off everything
474319089224 some giratinas raids back to back
litterally all i 've been getting for the past few months are anti vape and military ads and i 've even noticed that they are becoming much more frequent at this point i can easily recite some of them just by listening to them so many times i would n't even mind the consistancy of the ads if they had at least been promoting a few other things anyone else have this problem \? view poll \( \)
guess i'm just in that kind of mood any older ladies wanna chat with a much younger guy \? just message me with your kik , and we 'll see where things g
so i bought 10 shares of ericsson \( eric \) i just now started investing really i have no clue how the stock market moves \( eric \) is a telecommunications company who s leading the charge with 5g think investing now while it s low is a good idea \? \( about every 10 years we have a major breakthrough in technology when it comes to cell phones it s about that time \)
hi , i need to buy a gift and the person really likes cards against humanity but he already has lot 's of them what 's a good alternative to give \? so if you like that game wich game is kinda simular or would he probably also like thanks !
so yesterday i made some really long cuts , and they are really visible i have jrotc physical training tomorrow , and they require us to take off jackets , hoodies , etc i put tape on because i did n't want them to notice , but they would probably tell me to , take the tape , off seeing the scars and making it a bigger deal of i originally didnt put the tape on but i'm not sure , so what do i do \?
i currently have minna no nihongo and tae kim s guide to japanese and my question is how should i use these books to self study japanese i m not an absolute beginner because i learned the kana and know some kanji and gramma
i m completely lost currently and the monotone professor doesn t help
hello there all 15 of you feel free to post whatever you want or say whatever you want this is a anything goes subreddit
i'm a teenage boy who loves music \( the beatles , nirvana , billie eilish \) , video games \( mortal kombat and call of duty \) , and making new friends ! just finished school so i am bored af ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
does anyone know the time that it will be launching \? i know it s the 26th but i just wanted to know if anyone knew the ti
i m setting up a mistint table and we have a mistint here without the label , i guess one of our part timers never slapped it on anyway i can print one out without having to mistint something \?
last night you kissed my head this morning i returned the favor and kissed your cheeks , your forehead , your shoulders this time you simply rolled over and fell back asleep the pain in my chest is excruciating every other pain is amplified tenfold my heart screams out to you , i just want to be held , i just want you to come home to me please don t love her please don t love h
so i recently bought clay to make face and hair masks with after researching the benefits the only problem is is that every mask recipe calls for apple cider vinegar and i only have regular vinegar \? is there a major difference or should my regular one work \? thanks !
i dont have much experience with most of the characters but im a pichu main and he is fun for me it would be 1 \) pichu hes so cute , hes got so many kill confirms , and hes a powerhouse 2 \) ness just started using him i like his agility 3 \) lucas same as ness 4 \) luigi i love doing his dash attack and up b 5 \) isabelle great fishing skills and so precious
i want to improve using her so i 'd like to see some people using her efficiently , making plays and such \( and specially learning her mid game \) i know xfsn saber is good with adcs but he seems to focus more on cait
\( \) hi crowd is a laidback server where people can come a have top tier banter very relaxed rules , but there is a main chat where you can have convo but its not filled with shitpost memes and gifs although there is are channel for memes and shitposting extraordinarily little is regulated we think people should express themselves how they choose and don t be thinned skinned over words cool owner and mods , who look out for the best interest of the server we do take suggestions on board and don t look to abuse power , and look for a thriving organic community \( literally only thing wholesome about this server \)
like it annoys me so much because i have this friend who is talking to a guy who is totally out of her league and i know she definitely is acting fake around him just to try and win him over because i m pretty sure if she acted the way she does around her friends he wouldn t last too long at all
i 've read somwhere about it and wanted to just know if its true so ideally , as far as i know , your face should grow forward , you will have higher cheekbones , better eye support , jaw chin , basically you will look more healthy attractive now how much does genes actually contribute to it \? also , is it even right to say that only forward growth is ideal \? is long face caused by it \? does it make the nose look bad \? till what age does this age happens \? \( when does the growth stop \)
here s a link \( \) to view the files there s a function upload in js when i pass my e dt files they get there correctly but sending those files from there to my upload php is proving challenging it keeps saying my files 'files' is empty please help
just turn 24 in the past few days , here to meet with some cool people with good hearts like dogs , music , food , chat , long distant drive and anything out 
hi i 've just cleaned my parents' computer i started the computer first time and it worked , i checked the temps and specs and everything was perfect when hwmonitor did n't work , i tried to restart the pc but now it wo n't get past the windows 10 logo screen , it just goes black and i ca n't do anything please help , i need this sorted before they 're home tia
i'm asking because i'm a guy and i 've always been very emotional about pretty much everything i find love stories really adorable and they make me smile , i over analyze everything that happens in my life a hundred times more than the average person , etc
i 've looked around and this is a pretty vital thing i have n't been able to find i 've had people start duo laning with me randomly when i'm mid and they are jungle or something and they end up feeding and there 's nothing i can do or say because my responses are limit
hey guys so i have been learning to play the piano for about a year now but i am still very bad it i can understand and is good with theory but the actual playing is what defeats me like besides some random songs and cmajor , i dont really know more things and exercises to play i can devote an hour to practising everyday to get better so can anyone recommend me some exercises for beginners which i can do all by myself and by doing it get better at playing the piano i do have piano lessons but im looking for exercises that i can practise on my own in my free time thanks
hi everyone , my macbook air charger cord is perfectly in tact on the exterior there are no visible signs of wear and tear or damage but , it just wont work i 've tried it in several outlets and it wont work any ideas of how to fix this issue \?
i know it sounds cliche but i really ca n't i do n't even know who i am , what i look like my life is a constant fluctuation between the positive and the negative and i ca n't stand this torture anymore it 's like it 's taunting me so , goodbye suicidal bros
anyone wanna chat \?
please stop stunning tap spamming me , just oof
does anyone around here play golf often \? i 've been able to go out frequently as of late , but it has been solo many of the individuals i come across on the course have been annoying so far , except for a coupl
i just bought it and i never tried it before so i don t know how it works my skin is extremely dry and i would love to use it as efficiently as possible how do you use it guys \?
anyway english is not my first language so i ll probably speak with an accent apologize in advance if i butcher some pronunciations as well dm me about you
if you either rolled your eyes , burst into laughter , or are now feeling a bit contemptuous it is exactly what you think it is d hello r haiku ! new reddit user , new haiku uh er , figured this 'd be a right fine introduction to the group maybe also i'm not from the south ca born and rais
ig merkore \( \) no dm needed , i will follow u back asap \) thank u for ur help
lately i ve been seeing certain games for sale in the psn and i was wondering what was the top game \( for you \) of all time i m just collecting opinions and perhaps we will share the favoritism of some , thanks in advance !
ya boi is 
this is the first time ive cut myself with no real reason not that my other times had valid reasons i just felt much more emotional in the past due to whatever was triggering me now im just cuttin to cut and as a fun little side effect i have healing scars that itch and new wounds that burn and fuck it sucks lma
so i decided to finally get into better shape , and i was wondering if anyone had any routines that they would recommend i just started today , so anything would be helpful , thanks
so i was admin on a big unofficial pc cluster and i have been demoted and banned for a shit reason so i want revenge what s the best way to totally fuck a server up and make it unplayabl
\( reposted without the ip address as we had two greifers \) just a reminder that there is a wings of fire minecraft server ! the link to the server discord is \( \) the ip is posted th
mr samson smith seems to be a wee baby bird who s content , eating , playing , seeing , progressing on hand taming however sometimes when i go near cage and speak in a playful fun voice or clean his cage etc he does this gymnastics thing which i find hilarious and giggle , and the more i giggle the more he does it \( it s almost like he s showing off \? ! \) i just need to double check if this is healthy or normal behaviour , thank you !
i ve done it two separate times and my acne is back and almost worse than bef
it 's been 2 days since this incident took place i was playing witcher 3 on my pc when my dad came in my room and yelled at me for not studying , even though i had studied the whole afternoon and started playing in the evening he was like every second you 're away , you have to play any video game , if you do n't , i'm gonna hit you please guys please , i need your help , what should i do \?
idk , it just seems like there is so much more that should take priority above this , yet it does not throughout s1 and s2 , i prioritised my \( obviously \) ex boyfriend above all else and my schoolwork etc suffered drastically yet here i am in s3 , thriving better than ever , and i miss that feeling of having someone to fall back on , someone who is always there for you , and doing everything in you re power to make sure they are happy do you get what i mean \?
i got a dual monitor setup and my brother comes by once in a while and was wondering if i could split my windows somehow , so i play it twice on my pc and just add a keyboard and a mouse \? best regards ,
our friendship is over at this point part of me wonders if i should ve done more to fix what happened between us , if i should suck up my pride and just message you then i look at the last three messages and realize i ve been the one reaching out this entire ti
you deserve to be happy you deserve to heal you deserve to move forward you deserve to have a life you deserve to be angry you deserve to feel and process the pain you deserve to cut ties you deserve to take your time you deserve to speak your mind you deserve to have your say you deserve to take control you deserve to trust your instincts you deserve to try you deserve to fail many times and still be ok you deserve to soar you deserve to succ
kinda wanna text with someone who likes to cheat it s a kink lol hmu preferably someone young and fit
like god damn , i had the perfect opportunity but i didn t , it was in head the whole time dad was gone for 7 whole hours while i was here alone i was ready to do it i had the gun out of the case why is it so damn hard to just fucking do it i m ready , i deleted all my socials that my family and friends follow me on , i reminded my parents and siblings how much i love them , there s nothing left to do i have to do it now before my dad pays for my tuition due in 3 days , and before my family wastes any more money on me i can t think of anything to inspire me to keep going , so why is it so hard to end it
very horny i'm a black male who resides in vegas looking for a girl to meet up with and hook up this is a very serious post not looking for games so if your interested then hit me up have a good day \)
a place for members of r godscreation to chat with each oth
without his flashphobia , how well would superboy prime fare against the following speedsters r1 barry allen \( new 52 \) r2 wally west \( new 52 \) r3 bart allen r4 hunter zolomon r5 eobard thawne battle takes place on earth 2 s unpopulated metropolis no time traveling or bfr prime is equipped with the same armor he wore in infinite crisis from what i heard , prime was stated to be faster than garrick , west , and allen combined or something but i can t find where it said that i know he did momentarily outspeed several speedsters though can he beat them in a battle of speed \? do they have the strength to actually hurt prime \?
i m looking for a nasty perverted guy with tattoos a bread and even piercings \( if you have them \) looking for white tattooed guys into sick twisted nasty perverted fantasies that wants to pee outside for me and get really twisted and nasty send me a message \( serious only please \) let me know how sick and perverted you a
i had a dream last night in which my crush stayed the night at my apartment and gave me a lot of hugs the sad part is is that they don t like me back \( \( \( \(
the idea that operators may only be played a certain amount of times per match and then locked i'm all for it i main certain operators but would n't mind the change it would be nice to have a round or two without ela p but imagine having thermite or hibana locked \? depending on the room and objective that can get pretty spicy requires the team to use even more unconventional methods of winning the round the same old same old routine just kinda bores me and i feel this game still has even more to off
an honorable hunter it seems bows before me so i bow back and we begin to fight out of nowhere two npc hunters and a loran silverbeast appear and gank me only the invader did n't care and ganked me aswell feelsbadman
i \( 17m \) have had acne for ages and it 's really irritating what 's the quickest and easiest way to remove it \? i thought i 'd ask here because most results on google are just straight up quackery
ok so i just bought myself a bidet and i m going to need a 15ft extension cord to be able to connected they told me it had to be a 15amps one and i ve been looking for over an hour at amazon and i keep finding 13 amp ones and today i discovered that they have light , medium and heavy use cables and they have different thickness for different things let s leave it at my head hurts so i m caving and asking you guys for help i need a 15 ft extension cord that can take 15 amps hopefully color black but at this point my head hurts so much i don t care about the color much can anyone point me to the right brand or place to look \? thank you
anyone have any insight to these profs for into to business law \? \?
i'm a 38 m honestly going insane from lack of socializing ! im extroverted and have no social life i prefer taking to females but will talk to whoever hit me up and let 's chat ! i figure keeping interests out will lead to things to talk about !
when you finally go no contact with your abusive parent , life becomes boring i'm not saying that i miss the things they done but , when you 're constantly not worried about what might happen all day itreally makes you want to be more producti
i have a fully functioning gamecube with a heavily padded carrying case and various games mario party , luigi s mansion , etc etc
looking to set up a multiplayer group for either a single game or many during this outbreak period currently plan on playing either ck2 or eu4 no schedule set atm , so we will figure it out as people join i'm also posting links to the discords of other groups i 've found for both games if interested please leave a comment or join the discord below \( \)
i have autism and often experience a mental paralysis when searching for a mmovie amp x200b ! i do n't know what of 2 movies to pick on netflix , and than i look for a 3rd option , and get stuck on the 4th , and than just withdraw from every movie how can i pick a movie more easily with less inner conflict \? \? \? the underlying thought is ''what if this movie is better than the other and the time i spend on this movie can be spent on another''
i was reading a book i stopped reading super long ago the chapter i was reading was full of excitement and i didn t even have one thought of them besides one phrase that reminded me about then but i kept on reading without thinking about them i hope this is the beginning of the en
intelligent conversation only politics , economy , history , religion , technology , music , food , anything really except astrology \( astronomy is a good topic though \) eastern time zone pref
ignore there 's this has to be 100 characters so i'm just trying to type 100 characters so i do n't have to repost this again so 100 characters that 's what i need and that 's what i'm trying to get to is 100 characters so hopefully by the time that i stopped talking and i have 100 characters so if not then i guess i 'll try to repost it again but i really hope i have 100 characters
i m gettin g an endoscopy after 2 years of this crap i hate the pain and fatigue i need it to end it always making me cry at night i feel lost and that my youth has been stolen now i m just a useless unmotivated teen with no irl friends i can ft or count on to help 
im trying to build a desert city using red sandstone but cant figure out what goes good with red sandstone anyone have any suggestions \? \?
like a young child , maybe 6 or 8 , asked their parents that question obviously they do n't wnat to go into much detail so they try to to simplify it and make it appropriate for their age , how could you phrase it \?
hey , just look ing for some nice and chill people to have fun with have loads of games and am open to getting new one as i'm pretty bored i mostly tend to play dark souls 3 , bloodbourne , monster hunter world iceborne , warzone , fifa 20 on ps4 i also have a switch with stardew valley , animal crossing and mario kart and a pc but do n't really have a lot of games on my steam i like anime , memes and youtube anyways i 'd appreciate and welcome anyone who just wanna make friends and chill my discord is da lit2969 and psn is carseatbedrest
i had a psychotic episode last year due to what i believe to be very high thc illegal street weed possibly laced as my blood had oxycodome in it , and possibly shrooms as i did them maybe a few days or a week prior to my episode i am wondering if it is safe for me to use cbd hemp flowers \?
the trial will not be held publicly due to the serious nature of the crimes and the threat to american national security if they were held publicly
dachte presale w r schon ab heute \?
i can feel my jeans becoming the tiniest bit looser but other than that i look the same has any one else felt like this \? i carry a lot of my weight in my stomach area and have love handles but even then i dont notice any reduction how long did it take for some of you to notice weight loss \? right now im 220 and i feel like i look exactly how i did when i was 250 260
get home after a shift and about to pour that whiskey \? how about no mate , filter your problems here and not through your li
he does it the right way plays the game and does n't draw unwanted attention still there has to be some frustration built up inside he is playing out of his mind so maybe he 's content with just being good individually and not as a team it 's hard to complain when you 're that freak of an athlete like many say we all want to see him win and not throw away his talent
sometimes i see a comment from a user , and the user is called u example red cat what does that red cat thing behind the name mean \?
hey there ! thanks for taking the time to read my post ! like the title says , i'm a big jumbo dragon \( \) looking for other big guys to rp with i'm not the best at coming up with interesting scenarios other than slice of life type of things , but if we chat we can brain storm and come up with something we 'll both enjoy i 'd like it if we could have some nsfw themes in the rp as well , so please no minors kinks and things we could implement can be discussed while we set thing up thanks again for taking the time to read my post ! hope to hear from you guys soon
my ssd crashed and i lost all of my progress \( searched online and coud n't find anything , you guys are my last hop
the app shows a preview of the price , the webpage tells you the price after you are checking out i was looking up delivery for breakfast on my phone , but typing it in my computer when i noticed that it was 3 more to book online this is n't the first time this time i deleted the items from my webpage cart and ordered using the app instea
what are the differences in video quality and performance between these please c920 c920s c922 c930
due to life and bad relationship after bad relationship i 've been pretty out of the punk scene how do jump back in \? where do you guys go to stay up to date with bands \? punknews still reliable \?
people press full nugs and bubble hash wouldn t finely ground cannabis be the same when pressed \? is extracting it into bubble hash first , just a cleaner method \?
because i was just happy that the text was over and stopped trying as harf
it 's established in skull island on wall painting that godzilla and king ghidora fought in the past does anyone have theories on why ghidora is frozen in the antarctic \?
it makes me happy that benni survived after the finale yes she is a minor character but it 's great that ultimately peter was supposed to end up with her just as hanna was supposed to end up with torben and now i am convinced that sonja merek is jonas martha and were supposed to end up together whatever the world was peter and benni did end up having a thing for eachother in prime world benni and peter are having an affair and in the alternate world in the church scene something is going on between peter and benni well at least they look close trans representation is very rare in many mainstream shows and dark managed to keep her and not only that peter and benni were meant for eachother this makes me really happy happy last day of pride month everyon
whenever a youtuber talks smack about keemstar , bad luck befalls them is this a thing \? look at what happened so far \( 1 \) the downfall of leafy 's channel \( 2 \) gradeaundera accidental face reveal \( people unsubbed due to the ugliness \) \( 3 \) fouseytube getting exposed by everyone and taking a break \( 4 \) joeysalads getting exposed for the fake pranks and fake race prank hopefully the same fate does n't befall idubbbz and h3h3
i was just wondering if there were any servers out there that have a decent rp community preferably vanilla bc wotlk any info is greatly appreciated !
they have been out for a little while now and i have tried them and they do not taste good i do not understand how people like th
my opinion is that they are both good games and the interesting thing is that there are monster that are not in 4u that are there in 3u so if your torn on which one to get get both eventually cuz they both have something to offer i would start with the newest but maybe go to 3 u to experience monster that are not in 4u 
i was thinking about doing it , but i feel like i wanna wait and see everyone s options about it i only have one phone and one ios device in general what is everyone else gonna do \?
ik this is a bit of a weird post but i can t stand anal i think it s gross and would never do it i like absolutely everything else though is this normal \? is it hard to find other people who also wouldn t want to do anal \?
im really not sure what to do at this point it s been almost 2 years since we broke up and i also stuck in lockdown at the moment where i live my ex is in all of my dreams and i wake up with her on my mind most the day the relationship ended with me finding out the baby inside her was not mine after 6 weeks and after that i moved states with my family , i was doing boxing most this year which helped but of course gyms have been closed for months i know moving on would be the only thing that would help me but i m always stuck at home and even if i got out everyone s wearing masks i ve just lost hope i m so lost
so was there ever a time joe talked about the jre cameo in the movie bright \?
i found something strange while reviving some of my pokemon , when you swipe from right to left a new page will appear with an egg incubator symbol on the bottom right of the page , the button is not x000d pressable , i have tried when my incubators were x000d being used and were not being used i have a theory that needs testing , i think this may have something to do with the butter egg glitch since revives are compared related to butter i have never had three butter glitch happen to me but if happens to you i suggest you test this theory , i'm not sure if this has been previously discovered , or if i'm just not seeing something photo of easter egg \( \) \( i posted this on the silph road reddit also \)
title says all , wanting to use my own phone for perk while i'm browsing on my comput
10 average joes gang up on slightly superhuman , they start out in a circle around him with a radius of 10 feet the fight takes place in the middle of an empty street ss stats instant reaction time , full knowledge of muy thai and boxing techniques , and a 50 slower perception of time other than that , all of his stats are the same as an aj who wins \?
one of the reasons i love oatmeal is because you do n't have to cook or sprout it i tried searching for other grains you can eat this way , but i keep getting lists of raw grains you can sprout does anyone know what other grains are safe to eat with no cooking or sprouting necessary , just like oatmeal \?
trigger warning self harm i m undiagnosed i feel in my gut agitation i just want to claw my skin off , i want to bash my head , i have to stop myself from hitting myself but i do impulsively it s like i breath in then out and i just want to take my phone and smash it into my head i can t stop itching is itchy a symptom too \? there s no reason why i just feel very violent towards myself
i have my bachelor s degree in english creative writing i write poems and short stories if you want to read any stories or poems , let me know i love to read and discuss literature bob s burgers is the most amazing show on tv i was once almost eaten by a deer i can make an angry beaver face i almost died in a bounce house at a festival i love the red sox and the new england patriots i love to make people laugh my humor can be inappropriate so don t get offended message me to chat !
some urges present but i'm beginning to feel the benefits coming back my goal is to reach day 7 so halfway th
i just finished the very last piece of souls content for a while \( ringed city \) and was very curious if anyone would want to coop in demons souls , since i have n't done coop in it anyone up for it \?
amongst the chaos of a major railway breakdown further along the tracks , i met a cute girl that i was sitting next to the train we had a great initial interaction over the course of 4 hours which lead to the exchange of her details ! i m not head over heels for her as i thought i would be but then again i think about her often for someone who has not been in a relationship since he \( 20 \) was born , its funny to see that i m still on the fence on whether i should pursue her or remain friends maybe its the nerves and i m hesitating my work mate has a saying , he who hesitates , masturbates
i have a giant stuffed shark from ikea \( r blahaj \) and call me a kid but sometimes i just hug it to feel better but when i do i notice i cry for no reason emotion just wells up in me and it comes out it gets to the point where i am almost sobbing on my bed anyone know the reason for this \? is it because it provides a sense of safety and relief \? maybe because i am deprived of human contact \? i do not know the reason but this keeps happening does this happen to anyone else \?
a lot of them come later like late 20 's early 30 's probably helps to get experience early and build your resume in japan but i feel a lot of them could play in the mlb earlier there is the exception who come up early like ohtani , tanaka , and darvish because they 're so good but you look at history and it 's always later in their careers guys like ichiro , irabu , sasaki , hasegawa , matsui , maeda , etc the new guy akiyama is already 32 !
looking for long term friends i have disc
okay so i had unprotected sex 3 20 during last day of menstruation and took postinor 2 that same evening , then i had sex again with a condom 3 22 but it came off and we carried on then had sex again on 3 24 with and without condom i m ovulating now and i m spotting has anyone ever experienced this before \? i m kinda worried because i don t want to be pregnant
i have very little experience with dating but i would rather consider date someone who is on the taller side i m 6 so it s tall in general and a girls height doesn t matter to me even if she were taller than me because that s something she can t control also i think party are kind of overrated but i feel if a girl has that boyish appeal like either sports or video games i think it s really cool girls can like whatever they like it doesn t make them less attractive ps i don t know where to put this but i just wanted to share the appreciation
wow at the end of this episode when petra said they needed to end things ! ! ! i was so sad for a moment , i am so beyond thrilled jr said she would fight for them i ve seen a few people on this sub who don t feel this ship but they re honestly my 1 \( they make my bi little heart so happy ! ! ! \) i m honestly glad it was just the girls \( even though that s so sad that they re scared for their mama \) and not another person after petra , with all that s happening with jane idk how her happy ending will turn out but i have so much hope and faith that petra will get a lovely ending like she deserves
was pablo acosta the same as he was in the show \? did he have that bandit old school persona in real life \?
please , blacklist trihard cmonbruh emotes on twitch the spam of these emotes whenever someone robs something or there is a monkey on the stream is pretty racist and it makes your whole community to look really bad forsen and xqc are prime examples of a racist community , zulul poop , trihard being used in very disgusting ways and cmonbruh baits racism xqc baiting racism by saying yoink he himself was racist in the past and forsen is a swedish racist that used to say it all the time , saying '' eat the pooo poo'' is very racist , fucking nazi communities jesus christ , why cant we just be widepeepohappy
it kind of slowed down my digestion , but i was still stuck with discomfort and the urge to go made me feel a bit tired foggy too it seems like i m going to be shitting immediately after every meal and snack for the rest of my life \(
hi , i'm 28 i live in washington state , i'm 5'2 chubby curvy with brunette hair and blue eyes first off not interested in sexting or sending nudes looking for more then that i consider myself a middle i do n't really have a specific age although i feel like a teen sometimes not into baby talk or pacifiers anything that makes me feel like i'm not being myself that being said i do want someone into the lifestyle and not just the kink hoping to find a daddy who has the same interests and someone kinda clingy that likes to talk through out the day a little about me i love video games , alternative hard rock , scary movies also love watching disney and stuffed animals especially dinos and foxes ! if i interested you please feel free to msg me !
i just kind of want to get all of these puzzle parts done , im currently on sequence 7 of the main story please no spoilers edit also will it spoil anything if i do play it before finishing the main game \?
interested in a lot of things but mainly music i just wanna meet some new people hit me up if you want !
what stores \( online and in store \) do you get your rave fits \? i m looking for stuff on the cheaper si
we can critique each other and chat about art i do digital
but then i saw their faces
i e stuff you only see under the vicinity tab after you go to inventory menu that does n't appear whilst in third first person view \? i still ca n't seem to figure this one out thanks !
seriously , between the ramp and the value i ca n't compete against th
reasons a man 's sex drive depletes over the course of a \( 2yr \) relationship , and g
having to force down food down my throat so my family wont notice im high sucks
any taboo guys that are in there 30 s or a dad what age did you first start masturbating and playing with your cock are you a dirty disturbed taboo guy in your 30 s are you a daddy would you watch me give birth and tell me to push your baby out of my pussy would you watch my pussy stretch open while i m giving birth would you let my water break on you send me a message and let me know and let me know your replying to this post
i 've become envious a lot as of recently , and i hate it , it not only ruins my whole day but also ruins my mental health any help insight would be appreciat
those being moskau , dschinghis khan , hadschi halef omar , pistolero and klabautermann i'm pathetic yes
not that i 'll be having to face this question anytime soon , i am curious what the rules of nofap are when it comes to this particular subject
as the title says i also have a secondary account under 15 so i could also help you with the missions pm me if interest
i went into crafting and i could rebuild headgear using the items i got from the new contract very useful for free hats !
my discord jonde 3274
it feels like everything in my life just keeps wanting me to hate myself and my life nothing ever works out
hi i prefer to share everything about myself in dm but in a nutshell i am looking for relationships and for a girl which would go travel around europe with me after the whole covid situation will be fix
yesterday i was speaking with a friend who is a jehovah 's witness , so obviously he believes in the flood , and that humans have only been on the earth for 6 , 000 he says he knows a lot about carbon dating , and that it 's only accurate if you 're dating something that 's within the last 3 , 500 years , after that , it can be very inaccurate he also says that water will cause extreme variation in dating , do for example an object only 200 years old that 's been in water for that time may be dated at 1 , 000 years old so if you factor in a global flood , the dating of certain objects makes sense to say humans have only been on earth for 6 , 000 years how much of this is true \?
i thought he was a spartan what 's with the lore shift \?
hey , all ! just wanted to know if any of you have recommendations on a beginner banjo that has a removable resonator and is made of mahogany i have been lurking this subreddit and doing research for quite a while but still am unsure my ideal price range is around 300 \)
i was with here getting glasses and she decided to try some on and looked absolutely stunning i could n't stop my self from smiling while looking at h
i guess i'm somewhere between b1 b2 or something in german
i always want to shop with my sister but every time we go we have to leave after about an hour because of my anxiety the thing is my sister is very slow and looks at everything causing me to end up in situations where im stuck standing in aisles and alot of people are walking past me i don t know why i get stressed out when im in the same aisle as someone else and i always just go to an empty aisle and wait until they leave and then go back i especially hate when im walking with my sister through a crowded area has anyone else experienced this and if so , how do you deal with it \?
in times past i have posted queries and suggestions concerning things to do in kingwood that do not involve church , sports bars , or children and all i have gotten is rude and discouraging posts , and i am sure this one will get even more hate but who cares i would like to start a tabletop rpg group that meets locally i have most of the shadowrun books but have played several other games if your response is to discourage and tell me how much kingwood sucks , please just get on with your own miserable life as i would rather light a candle than curse the dark would prefer 18
feels like nothing but pain i wish i d died last night , i wish i could cut my wrist and go to sleep , life is endless suffering and for what more pain \? never got so much as a write up in elementary middle or high school , why god why do i deserve this \?
anyone play fallout 4 on xbox one \? \? if so drop your gt i'm always up some fo4 chat and gameplay help ! thanks !
for the past 3 games i 've been stuck with dumbass team mates who do n't know how to play the game , why dose n't anyone help push the payload during the game that 's how u win the dam game , literally every game i play these kids think it 's call of duty so instead on playing the objective they go wait outside the enemy spawn , like srsly this pisses me of more than anything about the game , what do u think
i havent eat today im kind of shaking too im going insan
i 'll be frank , my life has been sad lately it 's hard for me to watch such serious shows lately which is why i have n't been watching much but wrestling and dragon ball i'm looking for other cartoons to cheer me up i'm up for suggestions
i set an alarm for 9 am because my timezone is cst and the new episode scheduled to come out at 9 30 cst , so i woke up and somehow i fell asleep again and so yeah i was asleep when the new episode came out thankfully i didnt sleep that long because i woke up within the hour also virgil's eyeshadow gives me life when is he gonna release a palett
i 've beat the game 2 times and am curious is the mission during the main campaign or epilogue \? asking because as much as i loved the story , i do n't want to deal with you know wh
pretty much impossible to get a mmj license in the netherlands for any psychiatric reason whatsoever , at least my situation currently falls trough all the cracks in the system i started trying out cbd oil , did n't work , tried thc oil worked , but my i needed more and more each time for the same effect could n't afford it we have good quality dispenseries here open for anyone 18 so that 's not the issue i now inhale one hits through a small glass pipe , i am waiting on my small glass bong , after that i will switch to vape for less suspicion outside \( i do n't get stoned or high \) how much do you pay when microdosing grinded fresh marijuana \?
looking to do this before having to get ready for work lol gt b0nez07
i want to buy a specific pair of shorts on posh but i obviously wont have original receipt can i still get them hemmed by lulu \? thank you
so christian apologetics are a frequently referred to group of people for those in an agnostic state looking at christianity i am here to say that they cannot be trusted as all that they do is build on fairytales and manmade hopes with assumptions unlike christian apologetics , atheists build on facts , sources not from a 2000 year old book debate me !
is there a way to pay off college without getting a loan \? i do n't think my family can pay off my colleg
if i could press a button to shoot past the team that would be amazing i think it would add a bit of refinement to ana 's gameplay
so , i 've recently started to use fountain pens \( i bought a more inexpensive one to try out \) and i 've noticed that a lot of fountain pens have firm nibs , or nibs that are inflexible in terms of writing and this form lines that are uniform in shape i was researching online , but i 've only found extremely expensive \( in my view \) options , ranging upwards of 100 my question is , are there any less expensive flexible nib fountain pen options out there \? i 've been practicing a pot on firm nibbled pens , and i really do n't like the way it writes in its uniform nature , and i want to try out and practice with a more flexible nib any suggestions \?
i personally like aspects of all of them , with rouge mortis being my favorite kind of a rant the edited voice clips on all of them do irritate me , though they sound poorly done and unnecessary , in my opinion it also kind of reflects a problem i have with supercell not rehiring voice actors to create consistent characters
lemme just start by saying i understand that some people s circumstances make the holidays extremely hard i m not talking about that i get abnormally sad during the holidays and my life is good \? i love my family and my friends and my dog i love the smell of christmas trees and the pretty lights i just get almost inexplicably blue \?
i'm a nerd , i like harry potter , books , video games , marvel movies , and philosophy , i'm just looking for a friend who likes to talk about anything , i get pretty weird sometimes and i hope that 's alright with you , i like talking about weird things and i like to talk weirdly about things , i'm a proud infp and i hope that seems interesting , i hope i seem interesting , and i hope to meet a potential frien
i'm going through the village quests and i thought it 'd be fun to stream it 's only low rank village quests though anyways if you 'd like to come and see the link is so go ahead and come on over to the channel i 'll be in chat waiting for a few people to show before i get this show on the road happy hunting !
hey guys ! i'm looking for a pdf viewer that can stay in single page mode and do not change to next or previous page due to up down arrow keys next previous page should only change by right left keys sumatrapdf had this feature but receny it freezes my windows is there any alternative that can provide the above mentioned feature \? please let me know thanks
who s andy \? \? \? \? so lost i had to come to reddit
looking for advice to get out of my shell and overcome my shyness
hey guys , so i m turning 21 on the 11th and i can t seem to come to a solution on what to do for that day any suggestions would be appreciat
hi , i just moved here and i'm in need of a haircut but do n't want to go to a place like fantastic sam 's because they give the same old haircuts to everyone are there any urban style barbers in brookline \? i can travel a little bit into boston if necessary thanks !
of course , ideally you want all three , but when buying a new edc item , which matters more to you \? view poll \( \)
i am in my late 30s , and ashamed to say i have not worked in 10 years i was diagnosed with aspergers in my late 20s my last job was in retail , but with such a big employment gap i don t think i ever work again i have basic school education live on disability i do not drink or smoke or go to a pub because i don t want to be seen a scrounger i done night classes and day courses but has left me back to unemployment i go to the gym to keep fit i can drive i don t have much hope for the future as you can t really live off disability i don t date because i can t provide im a neet thanks for letting me rant
disappointment guaranteed slade grey
i just want a girl to talk to we 're gonna be strictly platonic of course there 's just so much going through my mind and i just need a femal presence in my life i'm 22m and i'm from asia
two teen girls watching cock omegle 13750 html
have n't worn my retainer in so long i want to die straight teeth are overrat
their guns are op as shit and need to be fucking nerf
so basically i talk to myself but like i answer myself back like i actually have conversations with myself like i would with another person i have been diagnosed with anxiety adhd bipolar disorder and schizoaffective disorder idk if that means anything any answers are helpful thanks
i just got them and i 've been trying for days they connected to my phone automatically with no issues , but wo n't work with my macbook air \( it 's 2019 if it makes a difference \) i 've tried holding down the button , both manually and automatically connecting them , having my phone forget the device and turning off bluetooth on my phone the most i get is that it says they 're connected , but the sound is still going through my laptop speakers any help \?
hi , i am a student documentary filmmaker and looking to make a short documentary on people 's experiences with glitches in the matrix has anyone caught any glitches in the matrix on video \? if you have would you be willing to share it with me \? thanks for reading
i m just useless , no one will care if i die in fact , it ll make people happier , as that ll be one less annoying person gone i ll never make friends , i ll never be cared for , i ll never be able to do anything , what s the point of me existing there is no point , i m just a wast
at what dosage do visual hallucinations start to become apparent
get on your stomach bring your hands under your face and rest it on them raise your ass and spread your legs close your eyes and remain still feel my finger tip run along the folds of your pussy lips feel how i slip one finger inside you , then two sshhh no load moans no whimpers for every whimper your ass will be smacked 5 times understood \? does it intrigue you \? if you are still reading , then text me we might click
i miss my dad , he 's the only person who actually cares about me he has n't seen me in months and i know it 'll upset him if i actually do it but i'm so tired of being here and putting up with everything
i m a girl tired of seeing cis straight men on my profiles where all the non binary , transfolx , bi men and womxn cuties at \? i m in a very southern state so everyone is aggressively straight here would love an app that feels like a safe spac
idk if i can explain this question in depth , like most people hate the he woke up and it was a dream kinda ending so what kind of ending do you like \? like the one where the author leaves some things for interpretation , a time jump , etc
hello friends , i am not a sikh however , i took an internet test that said my beliefs matched to that of sikhi although i do n't plan on becoming a sikh anytime soon it did make me curious as to what exactly sikhi is anyway , my question is why do sikhs not actively proselytize \? i have read that you can even go to a gudwara for food and they wo n't even try to convert you even if other religions are beautiful and lead to god is n't sikhi the ultimate truth \? and if so why would n't sikhs try to get others to become sikhs so they can escape the cycle of reincarnation \?
40 yr old woman hispanic white mix 5'6 , 180 lbs looking for activity partner to do local hiking , movies , or anything else plus possibly doing longer trips like yosemite new to ca from the midwest i quit drinking recently so no alcohol dates , but 420 a plus
i m terrible at socialising and , at times , can be awkward i never know the right things to say or i say the wrong things i ve tried improving on this but it don t work i m very quiet , people think i m shy but i m not i just don t have much confidence i ve kept to myself for a long time so it s unusual i m even posting here i don t really have any friends , i kind of gave up on them altogether as i never feel good enough , i m hoping to change that but i just lost a friend recently t
my 6 month gsd lab mix tends to drool quite a bit whenever he s in the car he doesn t whine or cry but i can tell he s anxious from how much he drools has this ever happened to anyone else s dog amp how can i help his anxiety \?
read why here chip flavours doing too much \? utm term gu791nzkr hqpoxad0n
hi ! i was wondering where i should get started if i want to start doing witchcraft i know i wasn t born with an innate sense of witchcraft or psychic abilities , so i was wondering where i should start and how i should start i m also a little busy with school and stuff , so would be an okay time to start now or should i wait till after high school \? thank you so much !
a place for members of r sponsortheanimals to chat with each oth
i said it and i m not taking it back
we met at a convenience store yesterday , my dream basically recreated that except different setting \( a field track \) we 're both females , we 're on good terms though we do n't hang out that often like , we hang out maybe four times a year but we share a class almost every semester so we meet every week i got invited to her 10 girls only 20th birthday party
i'm a 15 year old boy who is going to begin attending a gym tuesday and am going to attend one around 4 times a week every week for this summer i am very confused with the routines that is on the faq page would i run into any problems just using the machines provided at the gym \? i looked at a few of the guides on the page or frequent routines and none of them really seem to make sense to me i looked at the beginner routine which is said to be very popular but the page contains nothing about actually doing the routine , it does n't seem to include the sets you 're supposed to do or the machines you 're supposed to do them on
i swear no judgments i just want some honest answer from men
for example , i can enjoy drake , even if i know he 's pandering hard , most of his songs lack substance , and i do n't respect him much as an individual or i can listen to a 6ix9ine track and recognize that it 's catchy but completely nonsensical and look down on him as an individual and not support him it really depends on my mood on if i'm looking to listen to something emotionally deep and with substance or just play something something catchy in the background do you listen to anything that sounds catchy and vibey , or do you have to respect the artist and resonate with their values and perspective \?
last night i survived , today i wonder what 's left worth saving \?
for example , a pacifist run or maybe a run trying to only use a wood sword for a weapon i m trying to get ideas on things i can try !
what is the best state to become a substance abuse counselor \? i know different states have different requirements which state has the least requirements such as education or work experience \? i am looking for a state with numerous job openings and a decent salary can you take the certification test without work experience or education \? what states is that possible \?
i run berserker , with a 48m maxed fabled midas \( for the meme \) , full frozen blaze armor with p6 , lvl 80 ish legendary blaze pet and a runaan 's bow i admit , my skills are quite low , with an avg of 20 8 and combat 23 , only 165 fairy souls \( i ca n't find which ones i missed \) but still , i should be at least an ok berserker i still die , a lot i can barely complete floor 2 with mid tier teammates , when other people with my stuff can basically solo it what am i missing \? \?
it was so out of the blue like i said they did n't really exist and i was kinda sad about that , bam i was proven wrong and my friend just bought me them it feels like i'm dreaming , i 've properly thanked them they 're just stamps and i'm somehow infinitely happy
so , i love the matrix trilogy in the comments of some post people started using the analogy with the pills red to get out of the matrix , blue to forget everything and remain there i was sure it was the other way around and rewatched the scene sure enough , the red one gets you out of the matrix however , i could swear it was the blue one anyone else with that memory \? or i just have really bad memory \?
uj if i don t pass i m going to fucking kill myself hj time to browse reddit for posts with porn objectifying trans people and bigoted comments and knowing that i ll only ever be known as a thing to cis people eventually i ll be added to the 41 , heck maybe by the time i join it ll be 42 ! just looks like that s an inevitability for trannies like 
in the past year , i 've accomplished a lot of goals i 've set for myself i 've lost a lot of weight , i 've successfully quit a bad habit , i 've graduated from university and i just do n't feel happy with myself i'm constantly critical of myself and i want to stop being that how \? how do i let go of the expectations i set for myself \? \?
hi , i'm green i am just looking for new people to play stuff with i have been getting bored a lot recently since the people i know continuously become unavailable i am a pretty chill and friendly person , although i can be awkward so keep that in mind if i say something weird p i 'll play all kinds of games ! i have a lot of games on steam and am up to trying new ones too ! the main ones i play are the ones in the title pc master race btw i'm on discord all the time so do not hesitate to come add me if i seem like a good guy , and find out more about me discord green 0003 stea
so i was on snap and i got a friend request and i accepted it was a girl and she asked me to send her a pic to see if i was as cute as my bitmoji she was a split 8 10 and i thought i would joke around with her so i jokinglly said no and didn t send a pic and she blocked me if ur reading this i hope you know ur a shallow bitch !
if people keep pissing me off i'm cutting off my own arm and my dick and then taking my gun and shooting my fucking brains out because everyone is fucking against me people are against me and they enjoy seeing me suff
for example , i wanted to stop drinking coke pepsi i take a coke can , put in salt \( so it tastes bad \) and take one sip every morning for a week of the spoiled can then when you quit , you will get less cravings you can do this for any food beverag
i quit life before i even tried it s simply the harsh truth i m inferior to other men physically and mentally i m stupid and have no education and can t function in society i m don
this is kinda dumb and i m sure lots of people relate to this but lately i keep starving myself the entire day only to binge eat from about 1 4 am everyday and then i realize i can t even starve myself right anymore like it s not that hard just don t eat but i can t just not eat i don t understand what s wrong with my brain i just want to eat normal this is fucking hell
i felt like i needed to tell someone i feel like if i say it out loud maybe i can move on i m so disappointed in myself
what do you do for work \? do you still get to have time for your creative outlets im wondering because i like the idea of learning a trade and since im not really receptive to getting a degree in something ive been looking into this idea more and more however i also need time for creative outlets but would like a well paying day job as well to live comfortabley and to keep me active and interacting with things other non trade options im open to as well just as long as it actually pays a liveable wage in a high col area thanks
i mainly plan to play zombies because mp is super cancerous and toxic and practically unplayable but treyarch doesnt seem to want to add proper customization , nor do they want to buff their weaponry
wondering how long usually do you change them up \?
i guess i sorta feel like i'm more annoying \( despite good signs like me being one of the few people he makes an effort to talk with get to know , going out of his way to talk to me amongst others , and helping me out when he can \) when i try to suggest to go do something together it 's not often i do so but i guess i just feel like i'm sort of a bother i guess i am unused to someone who actually is more reclusive than me \( though i'm quieter \) and i remember on another sub that stated lpt keep inviting that friend who always says n
it almost looks like he is n't wearing any to be honest
i 've had friends where the person is so vague in their speech and hard to figure out , that what they say almost drives you into a sort of mysterious fantasy world mentally they have no continuity in their points , and yet they speak so passionately it 's like they 're channeling what they 're saying from some sort of mystical higher emotional power i notice this especially in highly creative people how could i tap into this and simulate that \?
i hate math i tried to get help i tried online i hate this fucking useless and illogical subjects that if it was a person , it should kill itself fuck you , math you are a piece of shit and why i have meltdowns everyday and will fail college in the futu
amp x200b format png amp auto webp amp s 7b16cc6ec5bcb4de62aff91408fa61ed76670bea
ok so i starter being a server some time ago and i just wanted to now if any of my fellow server dudes ever got a number from a customer how did it go \? before i get misunderstood , i did not ask to female servers not because i'm misogynist but because i assume it 's a common thing for you girls to get something like that \( maybe not so common but much less rare \) , but nevertheless if anyone has a funny story about something like this feel free to write whether you a dude or a dudett
so i have been a fan of kpop for almost 9 years now \( i'm old i know \) i 've recently been out on dates more as i have more time on my hands and obviously , nowadays , people like to share their social media my account isnt a fan account so it should be okay but i go to a ton of kpop concerts and like to share my videos but recently i 've been feeling ashamed of them , especially when i just started talking to someone and we havent started dating yet i do n't want them to think i am immature lol what do you guys think \? should i just embrace it or is it rational to hide it for a while \? or am i being stupid \? not sure if this is allowed on this subreddit lol
also before anyone says you can have the same experience in army bullshit i know i will never get deploy
so i had this idea for my army , basically the concept is they 're a company created in secret meant to go forth as both embassadors of the salamanders and also as a pre emptive threat assessment and elimination company the reason for the secrecy is that tu'shan the chapter master has come to realize that with the ever mounting threat of chaos and the tyranids , that humanity can no longer continue the stalemate it is either gain ground or die so it was that the 8th company , the reforged , was formed their task , to bring allies to aid mankind in the struggle against chaos and the nids , and to seek out and end potential threats before they gain a foothold i even have some oc characters for who they find as allies but that comes later lol
my parents and brother have finally said they ve given up on 
my social anxiety makes it difficult for me to meet people but even when i meet new people i m unable to form a bond with them i ve only met a couple people i click with i ve only had romantic feelings for one person in my entire life and i m almost 30 i think i m going to be alone forever they say i need to go out more but the thing is i can t
k i d s outside best day ever bde bonus blue slide park one last thing i love life , thank you just a kid macadelic angels watching movies with the sound off remember faces here we go go od am when in rome bonus question favorite least favorite project by mac miller \? favorite blue slide park least the divine feminin
every thing inside of me is wanting to act irrationally and find several men to hook up with
some of my favorites are little places and i keep trying to go and support them so the will still be there when i m hungry what are some of your favorite mom and pop hole in the wall places \?
moro na nova zelandia , governada por jacinda arden a quarentena foi enfor ada pela policia e pessoas que quebraram as regras multadas ou levadas ao tribunal as fronteiras est o fechadas estamos na sexta semana de quarentena nivel 3 como est o as coisas por ai no brasils o \? edit fizemos 5 semanas de quarentena nivel 4 , essa e a primeira semana completa de quarentena nivel 3
yeah basically im a bit lonely and need some l
i usually roleplay as a girl but i can adapt to other roles easily feel free to message me with any scenario for us to be in \( can be as weird as you want it to be , magic , tentacles , etc \) sc wingdeal
any around \? any available to the public \?
i'm looking for a nerdy friend , as the title says , i do n't really care about the gender , female would be great cause i think i get along better with them , but every gender would work i love programming \( maybe too much s \) , pc video games \( gta v , minecraft bedrock , skyrim , fortnite \) , i don t play online so often , but we could play sometime i listen to some bands \( imagine dragons , fall out boy , the score , padt \) i don t really watch shows movies that often , but i like the mcu , star wars and stranger things so yeah , if you re interested , just hmu thanks for taking your time 3
i got cleaned in the duel arena and don t have much just 300k and some items so i was wondering what are some ways you guys go about making gp that don t entail your basic skills but something maybe different
seasons come and go , some dark filled with grief , seasons filled with light seem ever so brief , meaningless pain , suffering has no end , life is filled with questions and hardship my friend , the gods abandoned us left to lift ourselves up , the rich oppress the poor and no one gives a fuck , in times of trial , people show who they are , do you care , hoarding pigs disgraced , leaving the helpless in despair fuck the rich
i'm looking for a talkative people , who is ready to play r6 , but ranked mostly civi 6 tropico 6 tabletop simulator i'm a cute girl and love joking about dicks and politics
im at the blighttown bonfire and now my weapon broke and guess who cant repair at the bonfire and hast no repair items \?
can i just bring them to my local bring centre or is there a specific place i'm supposed to bring them \? they 're all stuff like old chargers or tv connectors for a portable dvd player \( i have not cleaned out this drawer in a very long time \)
i have been having versions of this scenario for years now i do n't always remember what i did but i am always running around some suburb , hopping fences into people 's yards and sometimes stealing cars the last one was a bit weirder where i ended up hiding at a museum and meeting up with a contact who was suppose to take me to a safe house but ended up being an undercover cop
for a good couple months , i was trying to just be overall happier , and ended up fucking myself over i was talking with this girl , i was actually doing shit with my life , taking care of myself , then everything just fell apart i realized i 've been pushing my real friends away and that i would be sucked into my phone more now the girl i was talking to left cause im not the same as i was a few weeks ago and my only friends think im just a dick i know nobody will give a shit , i just wanted to put my shitty story out th
hey youtubers , if you 're comfortable answering these questions please do answer as it will help me and others too 1 \) how long have you been doing youtube \? 2 \) what 's your motivation to do youtube \? 3 \) have your video went viral in past \( 100k views \) \? i know 1 million is considered viral 4 \) your best working video with maximum views was a fluke or you strategised \? 5 \) how many videos have you uploaded \? subscribers \? 6 \) have you ever felt like giving up \? 7 \) what is the biggest tip you can give as a creator \? 8 \) what is the biggest mistake newtubers are making \? 9 \) what was your biggest obstacle with youtube was \? and how you overcame it \? 10 \) who 's your target audience \?
i'm building a recruit training depot at spectacle island for the minutemen and i 'll be streaming for an hour or tw
a friend of mine was taken to psych ward , he woke up and found few guys tying him and one of them injected him with a drug , i believe it is midazolam \( please correct me if i'm wrong \) i'm having sleep troubles and need this drug as soon as possibl
hello there ! i'm a 24 yo guy somewhere in asia i would like to have some friends who i can voice call with few times a week like 3 4 times a week guys and gals all are welcome although gals might think every man on this sub is creepy anyway , if you like doing vc , then send me a chat 
i was trying to update my credit card details on my ps4 and they kept saying they where invalid \( they are not \) then i got a text from my bank saying someone was using my card \( it was me \) what do i 
i cut on my thighs but now i'm running out of room there are n't any more clean spots like hypothetically i could keep cutting but when i cut over scar for me there is less blood and i my cuts open up less easily which frustrates me , makes me cut more , and makes me do more dangerous stuff i do n't know i really should just quit i do n't have a lot of other places i can cut my arms are n't an option fuck i know this is probably a disgusting thing to say i do n't mean to romanticize self harm this has just been on my min
once i open the the game i cannot 
i do n't pretend to know anything about vpn 's but am i silly to think when i'm on my app from a relatively new canadian vpn for example , that they actually have 8 servers in turkey and 50 other countries and they are all physically and otherwise secure , or is it all just kinda b s in a way \? how does any company maintain and keep their eye on 80 different countries \?
i'm not reloading at a cap or anything
and a shot to the brainstem would be the best illness cu
second year college girl , and i m interested in fwb the problem is i don t have any guy friends , and i m not a huge fan of dating apps ! i m fairly social , and i hooked up with a guy last weekend , but i m looking for something more consistent and fun how do i get a fwb \? or how do i approach this \?
question i was looking at a video and i was wondering if rouge is the best one or is a different one bett
i only talked to you for a couple hour but before i went to bed you promised me you would n't kill yourself it been 3 days and you do n't answer my message anymore i hope you are ok
she texted me and we talked for about a hour or so she wants to have some fun over text and i even said this saturday what am i supposed to do \?
the beach is where i want to be where i can close my eyes but still look at the sea the salt , the wind , coldness so cruel you feel lonely and comforted a feeling so unusual is there something i can do \? im happy there is ! but oh nothing is something too wear your emotions on your sleeve pfft like i 'd ever let them leave my soul is hungry it wants to eat well too bad it does there is no meat
hey i m 20 , male , and from arizona i m just looking for chill friends some apps i use are discord and snap , or instagram i m mostly on my pc and gaming or practicing guitar i m a pretty reasonable guy i also like music i d love to make some more friends , im always active and looking to meet new friends long term preferable , but i m ok if we don t work let me know if u wanna chat in dms
like arroyo mocho , centennial , pleasanton canal , etc it can get pretty dark and i definitely think about assaults but i do n't know how common they are there was that incident at mary kaye a week ag
i m eddie and i m 20 years of age i m a male i ve dated here in there with people in my area \( texas \) and i just haven t found anyone who s right i want to get into a long distance relationship and build to the eventual meet up and starting a life how can i find one \? is anyone interested or know someone \? i m hoping you guys can help me out h
i heard joe rogan say it in his podcast and i ve been thinking about how true it is ever since you never see an attractive woman screaming about how men are shit with rainbow hair and a bmi of 31 or vice versa i m not saying ugly people are worse in any way , i m saying that people who try to get along with the other gender see their perspectives , everybody included attractive people obviously have more interactions with the other gender so they can offer more insight
well where the heck do i begin \? i know this girl since 7 years now , we used to go the same school and same class for well over 5 years , but we barely talked she used to be very shy well for the past 2 years i have been breaking the ice and with every day passing i can feel how attached i been growing towads her , her mood affects me in every way , i feel like she is all i need in this world has any of you felt this kind of bond for someone \? i hope it wont get awkward between us , i just have to tell her !
i 've noticed when i was very insecure , i 'd over rely on fe to the point of being full on agreeable acceptance mode non stop conforming , non stop aiming to get accolades , and non stop comparing
this happens to me every time someone tries to cheer me up make me feel better i m wondering if this is common among fellow intjs
jag ska sommarjobba n sta vecka , och jag han inte ringa min arbetsgivare i tid jag ska feriearbeta har jag sumpat de nu \? jag vet vart jag ska vara o allt men vet bara inte tiden
and you probably don t either so pm me and um let s chat \)
i havent played as clone once today i havent even seen a hero be free once today i have always had to carry my team only for them to still lose im starting to think im forever doomed to be part of the botsquad \( literally because them teammates are so bad , and because theire droids \) i have only run into anakins that spam their heroic bs attack and my games have been shitty
i mostly try to avoid using spells because of this anybody else experiencing this \? maybe even managed to fix this \?
i have never felt more alone in my entire life i think about suicide everyday , because this illness has no cure its a lifetime disorder and im only 22 i feel like no women will ever want someone like me i always wanted a family but i also cant hold a job so i dont know how that would work im just scared you know \? i feel like i have a lot of love to give but i just dont know how
i live in america and will be studying in germany for six months beginning in march dark souls iii , which is now available for pre purchase , launches in april and i 've been waiting for it since just after dark souls ii released i know people have had trouble in the past purchasing games while abroad does anyone know if pre purchasing the game , then downloading it while abroad will cause any issues \? also , unrelated question but worth asking i have in inspiron laptop , intel hd 4400 graphics , i5 processor it can run most areas of dark souls 1 at a playable framerate and has run dark souls 2 consistently above 30 fps very consistently any thoughts on whether dark souls 3 might work as well \?
i 'll try and be brief i live in london , i have a 9 5 but other than that all my time is free and i 'd like to make a new friend and meet up with them since all my friends moved to uni , 16 20 only please i work with computers which is my main interest , i also enjoy listening to or playing singing music , swimming , cycling , reading , walks , watching tv series and playing computer games i have a soft spot for cute animals and sunsets dms are always open and i promise to respond to every message i get , hope to hear from you soon !
i ve been watching videos and trying to keep track of understand different conspiracy theories i keep seeing people saying not to take a swab test for corona virus but what is the reason \?
can any find me videos of her \?
i dono how she is , she has blocked me everywhere , and not answering my calls , i'm scared , even though she left me , i still love her , i'm worried about her , baby , if you are seeing this then please reply
amp x200b format png amp auto webp amp s 8cd23c752d351ef0cce848c5aaf22eaaf2232221
so i have been bursting about this for a while and i can not keep it in i have always thought that i was ugly and not even the most ugly person in school would go out with me i finally got a girlfriend she is on the drama club and can sing really well even if a few people see this i will be happy \)
my doc say they re okay my arnp friend says they re not the internet says both
just curious if there is anyone that has put together a list of sorts on this \?
hey everyone , i 've been working from home before quarantine so nothing drastic has changed in that aspect , but i 've been struggling to stay focus in the last year or so and thought it 's about time i fix that i 've tried pomodoro , limit my social media to 10 minutes a day \( i block it during 'working hours' , making short to do lists every morning , which seems to work occasionally any extra tips or tricks would be much appreciated ! thank you in advance \)
im thining about picking up the game and was curious if the dlc is required to play with everyone els
i love computer programming , and books although i have n't read that much i do n't know how to carry a conversation though so anyone up \?
let s play a game to get to know each other ! we can play the number game 21 questions truth or dare would you rather \? or anything else that you can think of i just think it s better than the awkward interview when getting to know someone so if you want to play , pm me with your snapchat or discord and we can play !
i work from home it can be difficult to get out of bed every morning it takes a lot of energy for me to get up unless i have somewhere to b
my health is so bad and working is making it worse but if i quit and take medical leave i will just sit around all day and that would hurt my health too has anyone else had this problem \?
can you guess what that reason is \? let the roast begin rolls eyes amp x200b lmfao amp x200b you know the real answer but let 's see that wit
just bought a novo 2 and found out all the fruit jam monster juices that i bought crack the pods was wondering what else i can buy that works with them \?
lucky for me i do n't have my own place , so i ca n't buy groceries like a normal person unless it 's something i can keep next to my spot on the floor therefore i do no cooking unless it 's ramen and almost always end up eating some shitty cheap fast food or a small portion of whatever boomer mom cooks \( although very rarely \) i feel so bad because i know a lot of poor people did n't even vote , let alone for trump , but all his dumb ass supporters \( who themselves are on food stamps \) want to cut it because theoretically black and brown people like me are on them therefore i kinda want this to happen just to teach them a lesson bu
i was sitting down for awhile i realized that my left leg was really weak feeling i got up to go do something and noticed that whenever i took a step i would get a prickly , needle like feeling in my calf area it happens whenever i take a step or stretch out my leg this has happened before in my left hand except when it was happening in my hand , my middle finger went numb for 3 or 4 months i really don t want this to happen to my leg please help 
if anyone s bought anything from this online merch store for rutgers plz lmk if it was legit and how long it took for ur stuff to come in \? idk if it s a sca
hello ! as the title says , i would love for someone to be able to draw my fursona for me however , i would be unable to pay you , so i hope that someone may be able to draw him from the goodness of their own heart that may be too much to ask but here 's to hoping anyways here it is name indy animal wolf appearance deep dark \( color right where blue and purple meet \) fur striking vibrant bright purple eyes faded cyan blue colored nose slight six pack long tail , faded from deep violet to navy blue at tip outfit wearing medium gray fedora with ears poking through , unbuttoned gray and black plaid flannel w exposed fur beneath , black pants , barefoot , cross necklace pose tipping fedora with slight smug smile and expression
amp x200b ! img \( xdoxxivbmmf41 \)
does someone here own the complete collection ebook on play books and also have two spelling errors in the fourth book \? chapter 31 sheadded on page 1776 and chapter 35 ussuffered on page 1845
and i'm salaried so wo n't be paid extra , talked to hr and they can make me do it if they want , have n't found yet if it 's for sure , so just bracing myself for the inevitabl
i just bought a razer phone 2 and plan on using it for my drone , but most normal sized cases wo n't fit in the controller , what 's a good but really thin case that still let 's accessories work for the razer phone 2
first off , the reason im asking this i live with my parents that dont understand what youtube is all about and i really feel uncomfortable doing commentary or making videos with my voice when anyone is around im not afraid of posting videos that have my voice its just that im uncomfortable with it when someone is in earshot and on the off chance that im alone i dont have enough time to record is it possible to get far at all when doing videos that dont include your voice commentary im thinking of mainly doing gaming videos thank you !
the one of 2 bmp 2s coming onto a beach from the ocean and one is exploding this one \( shitty screenshot i took of it \)
just a thought but what if this imposter thing is a whole setup to help create an ai that 's impossible to distinguish between human or ai an ai that will be used in future and made perfect by us without knowing what we 're doing
i'm not talking about that cheap crap you can get like anywhere , i mean like a real authentic ramen bowl
i just wanted to say , i just fucking love this community people always give points , no trolls , no hate this is the most accepting community 
so in the first or second episode of the show its revealed that valencia 's real name is mar a , but she goes by valencia , which is spanish for brave why has n't anyone mention that valencia is not actually brave in spanish \? i thought they were going to bring it up at some point
my dodo code is 58jx8 and i think i saw some black silk new years hats going around if i m correct and anyone has a spare i would love it please not needed but just would be nice ya know \?
hello , first post here and also im not an expert on torrents as ive been using only this one for a long time now this has happened to me once before and i cant remember how i resolved it or if it fixed itself i have searched this up but everyone ive seen just says to restart my pc or set bittorrent as my default torrent can anyone else help with this \? have you encountered this and if so how do i solve it \? thank you !
i thought i was a girl for a period of like 2 months during psychosis even to this day , i feel like my penis is just an extension of my body and not really a part of 
hey , everyone ! i know , that my problem is nothing here , cause there are more hardest situations in life , but im really don t know where to go you are my only chance to help me besides me , unfortunately i will not go into details , i will say one thing i just need a job to survive , just need to pay my rent and have a food , that s all if you have any suggestions about job , please write me thank u and have a good day !
hey ! hit me up if you see this so we can exchange inf
i do n't want to complain i am just done with life but my brother is supposed to get married next month i do n't want to ruin his wedding by that but i do n't want to be alone right now
i ca n't name a single positive thing that has occured in the past 4 years fuck everyone at this plac
i'm 9 days into my dosing \( this is my second run on accutane \) and ive already had a couple boils pop up , but what i do n't get is all the small whiteheads on my chin and cheeks im getting way more than i had before dosing some deeper than others i do n't remember that from my last run on it , my purging was pretty mild last time it could be that i switched to a cerave foam clenser from a harsher is clenser i wsa using before dosing \?
hewwo so yesterday i was using my pc like normal \( 20 fps and at least 1 crash a day being my normal \) and it just went black with a 99 in the corner i restarted it and now it wont boot i 've already tested another gpu so i do n't think thats da problemo \( obviously could be wrong \) its a msi 970 gaming motherboard \( embarrassing \) and theres no led indicators or onboard video card also no case speaker for errors am i doomed \? all the fans turn on like normal i know the thing is a piece of junk but its all i have also i dont even know anymore part names lmao so i understand if you do n't wanna help , just grasping at straws
looking for new people to talk to , would prefer genuine conversations over just streaks and stories so if you can hold a convo its a huge plus dm me with your user if interest
i m a 21m and i start therapy in a few weeks but honestly i don t even wanna go i just know that i m gonna die alone i have the personality of a brick and im ugly as hell i m just a recipe for disaster i think i m gonna die alone because i really am just trash
i will be putting in my two weeks notice tomorrow at my job just too give anyone who reads this a heads up my boss is never at my job i ve only seen him a few times throughout the year but if i ever have to request for vacation or something is messed up on my check we text he only communicate through text messages and i m just curious how should i put in my two weeks notice via text should i also tell my supervisor who barely communicates with me and only text when something needs to get done or just text my boss \? i see my supervisor every time i work but she doesn t speak too me and never respond to my text messages lack of communication is one of the reasons why i m leaving als
i went to march 11 showtimes at my theater , and on march 11th , it 's gonna be playing zootopia in imax instead of 10 cloverfield lane ! which sucks for me i'm gonna have to go to an imax an hour away from me to see it now which is kinda ok cause i get to go to a movie theater i 've never been to , which is cool , but it sucks because this imax theater is only 5 minutes away from me , and they 're doing zootopia instead i wanted to put this out there because i'm not sure if other theaters are doing this too , so you might wanna check your nearest imax theater to see if it 's showing 10 cloverfield lane , because it looks like some theaters are gonna be showing zootopia instead , which sucks \(
i have my bachelor s degree in english creative writing if you want to read any stories or poems , let me know make me laugh and you ll be my new best friend i was once almost eaten by a deer john candy , john belushi and chris farley were the greatest people to ever grace this earth bob s burgers is the most amazing show on tv right now i love to read and discuss literature i love the red sox and the new england patriots i love to make people laugh my humor can be inappropriate so don t get offended message me to chat !
hi \( gid 1024906297 amp range g13 k54 \)
hello , looking for some text buddy out there would love to talk and send memes if you like message me so that you can get to know more about 
this is the end you do know it , right \? yes do you understand what it means \? yes no , not really you who are you \? you must know i do n't do i \? you are not really here , are you \? no i am just here to see you out before we are both gone what is out there \? nothing you have n't seen before nothing at all , i suppose it 's been nice , you know \? despite all of it , it 's been nice yeah i suppose but voyage leads home yes , yes , i know
watching \( and pretty much doing anything \) something that is irrelevant to my current situation in life has become just unbearable so i just need some movies that will shake things up for me not specific i know , but please use your imagination , thanks
i really like watching anime , playing games , and just chatting online i do n't care if you think you 're boring , awkward , shy annoying , or full of issues i think we can both be friends , lets just watch a show or something of your choosing over a discord call you do n't have to be the best talker , just speak when you 're comfortable you know \? you can talk to me about your day , your goals , or just whatever you food you ate today if you need someone to talk to , i'm a pretty decent listener so dm me if you want to add my disc
from your secret friend who \? doesn t sound like jeffrey wright
hi , im a massive stir fry fan i take it in whatever form i can get it 's quick , easy and you can even get your veges in issue is i just do the same 3 stirfries everyday with different assortments of veges and always chicken seasoned with the basic soy and oyster sauce , garlic , pepper , cumin sometimes i live on the edge a little and add masala or curry powder i need to expand my stirfry cookbook any recipes or seasoning tips would be much appreciated plan is to live on stir fries for the next 30 years so i need all the help i can get thanks in advanc
i m trying to ask my crush to prom as early as possible tickets go on sale like a week after we come back from april break , so i m tryna ask her now to beat out the crowd i honestly would ve done it if i didn t have an awful day term grades came out , my lowest report card of all time lost my 60 textbook argued with my mom anyway i m not looking to rant too much just need some motivation for wednesday when i actually ask her this time let s get this bread ! ! !
i am a lesbian and only came out to my parents they re both completely fine with it we always celebrate easter with a family brunch my cousin got a girlfriend a few months ago and she s with us at the brunch at one point during the brunch my grandma turns to me and goes i can see you with a nice boyfriend here next year ! and i don t really know what to say , so my mom goes or a nice girlfriend ! and winks at me i sort of just laughed it off and so did the rest but i turned bright red i don t know if anyone thought anything of it or thought she was joking , because they just moved on to another topic but i m quite upset \(
i 've always wanted dispensary , but when i finally got it it wrote down 12 seconds instead of 25 \? and it appears that her subsumed form got nerfed so is it better to still subsume or just keep the warframe \? i do n't know anything about the nerfs and how it affected her anything you 'd say \?
like , i never used to have this a couple of years ago but it hit me now when i realized i was sneezing right after i ate a piece of chocolate i know it 's not a coincidence because i ate a couple more pieces rigjt after and then sneezed right aft
i m going to my gynecologist when i get back home in a couple of weeks but i m just curious to see if you ladies have had this happen to you too \?
so i know nothing about this deck other than it 's top tier \( currently \) and i know for sure it can smack around blue eyes on a regular basis can anyone refer me to some deck profiles so i can jot them down \? i'm buying 3x sky striker ace raye on friday a long with some other cards to get the ball rolling \( i never thought i 'd be able to afford a meta deck \)
nsfw i'm looking to make new friends and want to talk to people , especially women i'm super bored and lonely
i met a guy a few months ago in uni and was instantly drawn to him i knew this went beyond friendship and that i was becoming attached to him i 've been diagnosed with quiet bpd but could n't continue with therapy for personal reasons i'm trying to deal with it on my own now so anyways i decided to ask him out but he said he was n't interested i was devastated but knew i could n't cut him out of my life so i decided to remain friends he does n't know about my diagnosis it 's really painful watching him go on dates with other people but i ca n't do anything about it how do i deal with this \?
tittle is pretty much it , saw a rhay dimitri vid where she destroyed a boss with a dagger and i want help recreating it with stat , spell and infusion advic
heard it was removed a while ago but i haven t had netflix or hulu \( i forget which i originally watched it on \) since , and i don t wanna support netflix , i haven t for a super fucking long time and don t intend to again but i m cool with hulu so if it s on there i ll bite and buy it again
when i signed up online for a prepaid account i had the wrong account number and pin from tracfone i now have to correct numbers so how do i fix it i tried calling verizon but the automated system says i don t have an account goodbye won t let me talk to a tech i went to the verizon store they want 90 00 dollars to fix it anyone have an idea how to fix this problem \?
i do wonder if it something i said or did or if its the anxiety regarding when this lockdown will end and having a schedule will resume i know they 're still reading my messages but i wonder if reaching out to her is a bad idea \? i had a few messages i sent even without a reply , them telling me they were bad at texting to begin with , but its been weeks i think the longer its put off , the harder it is to reply for her longest amount of time until she messaged back to me was 2 weeks and now its nearly double that
hello everyone , i desire to learn c i have started to read and take notes \( literally like in college \) from learncpp com , i take notes and read , study over them , however i would love to hear some books which can improve my language , anything is appreciated , csharp , c and java are my main goals , i love to read books so studying from a book would be much better and comfortable for me ! thanks for the opinions
some examples of his demeanor belittling people 's excitement for new year 's belittling people 's excitement for the recent eclipse intelectual gibberish quoting himself on an ama more intellectual gibberish extreme movie nitpicking undermining the relevance of certain dates , again being an asshole about star names there was a reddit story about how he was paid to come to an event and basically ended up talking about nothing while being a total douche could n't find it , and no idea if it 's true bill nye is also an asshol
is among us multiplayer with other platforms like iphone and steam \? also can a iphone and android play on the same lan \?
also do n't like me them , i probably wo n't do it anyway
a girl asked me out after everyone realized that i was the smart kid in class i was n't really that smart , i was just at a average while most of the other kids were below average anyways the girl asked me out and i said yes i soon realized that she just wanted some cash and help with her work all the other girls thought i was ugly so there was no point in trying girls are so mean to me \(
i'm not suicidal or anything like that but it 's sickening to see all the wholesome awards used on posts just because they think it 's fucking funny grow up and stop being dicks
i ve been going to meps as a backup all month but there s is no end in sight as my guaranteed ship date is several months away , my question is could i return to my normal job in the meantime \? i don t want to keep building up debt and i had a good paying job before which i submitted appropriate loa paperwork with military orders has anyone ever been in this situation \? will i have trouble getting my job back \? thank you
\( i am on social assistance , but my caseworker has been very uncooperative about connecting me with the coordinator \)
when he said he only missed the intimacy it was clear to 
i recently saw a few videos on it but i cannot find it in the ftb launch
lately people have been picking and banning zyra so i can t play her why does everyone want to play her all of a sudden i hate this
were all those location in michigan or what \? i assume the scene of him outside with the dogs was at his house maybe \? i have some friends who live in michigan and they said it snowed like that maybe last week and around thanksgiving so definitely recorded recently
hey guys ! just another dude here looking for some best friends ! d i decided to make an audio post about myself this time , personally i feel you can relate with me a lot better when you can hear my voice and it just seems like a unique idea and something different than the countless text based posts we are all used to \( \) please do n't forget to turn up your volume ! i realized after recording this i sound a bit quiet c take care and i look forward to hearing from you awesome people !
it was like a song about love it 's stop motion and i saw it on the trending page of youtube it was like dough figures or dolls
i need some advice just wish someone could do it for me i do n't know how to get rid of her landlords refused to do anything about it she 's literally making me sick my kids and me do n't feel safe here what can be done \? iam not well because of her my health has gone down i do n't know what to do they refused to let us out of leas
tell me something cool
please be my frien
i have played all souls games and loved them , and yes i know that sekiro isnt played like a souls game i 've done what it wants me too , but it 's just not fun to me and i find the difficulty not rewarding , it 's just hard for the sake of being hard imo i guess it 's really just not my thing which sucks since i wanted to love it so bad is nioh and nioh 2 like this \? if so should i skip , or play \? i have the first and have the second in my amazon cart all opinions are welcome thanks \)
my gf attended a pretty expensive cosmetology school , in which she payed over 30 , 000 for her license to become a hair stylist a year later , all hours have been completed and all tests , but months of waiting and no paper work ever came we call the school often and they say they have nothing on file and say to talk with the director the director says he ll call us back and then never does ! it s been over 14 months and at this point has to be illegal , we need to move on with our lives and this is making it impossible is there anything we can do legally \? \? \? help !
part of my job is to take people s temperatures when they enter the building \( you know because covid \) and i asked this one innocent looking asian girl today if she had an appointment she told me that she didn t , and was only there so that she could go pick up some condoms at 23 years old , i don t even know how to use a condom it just sucks that people are fucking each other s brains out on campus , and you re just sitting there wondering if it ll ever happen for you
he 's 9 and chopping down trees and shit with his friends meanwhile i sit on my ass everyday
seriously though , the coffee is nice and strong , has a peculiar aftertaste , but sugar fixes it easily
it s become very normalized with our generation and there are a lot of memes saying it s okay , but it s not it s toxic if you don t trust your partner , break up that s it that s the post
it would be really helpful to have a road map now
i m trying to make a dog island and would really appreciate a trade opportunity ! i don t wanna miss this opportunity !
with covid currently changing the world , and what we do , if you find yourself having to wear gloves , remove all rings first before putting them on this is especially if you are wearing latex gloves when you take gloves off , and if you are wearing rings , they can sometimes come off your finger as you are removing the glove due to an increase in moisture on your hands if this happens , you may just not notice it has come off and that would be sa
i get home late if any girls want t
i was talking to one of my friends today and we realized that the first lesbians most guys see are from porn that ends up creating a narrative that that s all lesbians are which isn t true but if that s all you see that ends up being the only thing guys associate with them i m not saying make every character gay but we need to show our kids that lesbians exist outside porn
i just got dreams and i load it up and do all the tutorial and when i get to dream surfing i cant play games it loads it up then stops and just constantly loads did i just waste 40 bucks \?
hi i'm fiery eight also known as mr 8 yes obviously i am a high spirited god my definition of god is the human imagination because everything that exist now was imagined before hand ughm i prefer talking on insta and only that i accept anyone with open hands so yea if you up for it then bet wassup vro yea let 's get it ' \)
some of us who try so hard to live with hope and peace still live a life of horror that never seems to cease even when we gave our all to help our friends and peers life soon took them away from us and left us in our tears we still walked on and kept on fighting all the curses in our head even still the path kept shrinking on the road ahead as the journey went on we began to realize the world has left us behind we then soon learned to just let go and live life in our min
did they eventually come back to you \? after sometime \? please consider sharing your experience , i rly need it
want to murder people it 's so up in your face and the content never covers the bad side of whatever is advertisement , meaning it 's a fake advertisement i never trust anything that says only good things about something just fyi for people trying to reach people like me with your advertisements be real or stop advertising because it makes people like me want to murder peopl
i have completed a hard treasure trail from recent events for brictus via ifttt \( site reddit \)
if so what is it s name and how i can befriend her if that s possible \?
i'm just curious i figured they would be an interesting child abuse story
i \( m18 \) currently live with at my mothers house before school and all that , ever since about 4 years ago everything went to shit , my sister has had severe mental health issues and tore our family apart truthfully our whole family struggles , especially my outer family my family just constantly fights all the time , i keep to myself and am typically quiet i have my moments but we all have limits usually it 's my other sister butting heads with my mother or my hot headed step dad trying to start shit with my mom or sister but lately i 've just felt targeted , i'm known for being quite opinionated on films and music and all ,
i levelled my thieving skill , i am now level 75 from recent events for brictus via ifttt \( site reddit \)
does that make me a monster \? maybe but after reading up on the case it just shows how the black community literally will protect black men at whatever cost the man is a whole serial rapist ! he should be locked up and the key thrown out do i want him to die \? no but i would n't be hurt if he were to get killed he 's caused so much pain to others yet people are advocating for him to get reparations and freedom what tf \? his youngest victim being 12 ! ! guys what 's goin on with our community and this man this is not it
i'm going to transition from being a wattson main to a mirage main any tips and tricks will be appreciated i decided to mirage because i have a gut feeling he will receive a major buff in season 5 and want to be good with him before he is actually good what i 've learnt so far 1 \) he is a brilliant counter to wattson and caustic 2 \) his ult pairs great with havoc and lsta
this may seem like a silly question , but as someone who s sort of just starting out and trying to get their feet wet , sometimes i feel like i haven t earned the title so what would one need to accomplish to consider themselves a voice actor officially \?
thanks so much for your help !
i just want to ask the gaming community if you guys have had the same problem as me with mom dad not letting you have a console \( never had one in all of my 16 years \) or a gaming pc for those of you that do n't know its very very frustrating to know that every one else your age has one or the other , and you do n't talk about feeling left out ! ! ! only games you get to play are the old emulators online and mobile games !
if anyone wants to join just dm me and i 'll give you the invit
if you are interested in helping a 19 year old nerd in his quest to lose his virginity then you 've come to the right place ! all you have to do is be in oregon , be female , and be clean !
can i mix these in a blunt and smoke them safely \? st john 's wort is known to lower tolerance to psychedelics , so maybe i can make a damiana blunt with it to reach a better legal high \?
hello , i m currently in isolation since my wonderful roommate gave me covid after partying i would love a friend to talk to and game with i m into a lot of fandoms and love to draw and write and talk about my stories so if you re interested dm ! i usually like talking over discord if that s okay !
2010 giants 2011 none 2012 giants 2013 49ers \( 2012 season but played in 2013 \) 2014 giants 2015 warriors 2016 warriors , sharks 2017 warriors 2018 warriors 2019 warriors
let s help each other edge and hold off if you re struggling to edge like i am maybe we can push each other to our limits and last longer pm me lt 3
today i ate big mac menu 3 sandwiches drank 0 5 l cola 1 waffle a handfull gummy bears im not fat btw this is just an extreme exampl
i'm doing the dawnguard quest and i chose to get the vampire gift and then into the vampire lord , however , when the guy is gonna teach me , he tells me to turn into the vampire lord , i press the key , the screen turns red and my body \( vrik \) gets like blood over them and turns red , them goes back to normal , i ca n't use character menus or anything has anyone experienced this before \?
i was on anxiety meds for about two years until i came off this past march now this cycle of my period has been a lot heavier suddenly and usually i have medium flow periods my periods are and were always on time it s just that they are heavier usually i have a period that lasts average of 4 days but this time i m on the 4th day and my period is still medium flow when usually it s on the lighter side of the cycle or almost nonexistent since i m done by day 4 usually could it be that my body is finally regulating from being on medication that it s getting heavier now but doesn t mean i have anything wrong \?
everyone migrate over there i don t really know what to do with this place , likely gonna lock it down r kaeyasfanclub see you guys
i wanna install the update but i want to know if the battery would be affected or no seriously answers please cause i have major anxiety about every little thing
if it weren t for that , i would ve forgotten about my season 8 power bonuses ! thanks bungie i ll make sure to get on that now !
i sometimes enjoy the experience of dropping in a hotzone such as the school or pochinki in erangel now i also want to try this in the miramar map , but wherever i drop i only got 2 or 3 people who drop nearby , no matter where i drop so i'm wondering , what are the hot drop zones in the miramar map \?
recently i tried to engage in an argument on twitter i opposed a really known guy and even tough i think i was and am right i got destroyed but him and his followers and now i feel bad i should n't have never attacked him i think we infps really like harmoney and even though we create a critisism in our heads we ca n't really express it good another problem is that mostly his followers saw the tweet so of course i just go attacked and attack no matter what fuck ! i just wanted to express my thoughts but never expected to get so much hate shit ! now i feel really ba
hey guys it 's my birthday today i just turned 24 ! i'm quite sad because no one remembered it but i'm to shy to even tell as i feel like it'm does n't even matter i'm slowly sorting out my lif
i'm looking to expand my wardrobe and dress more like a woman from the 1950s ! but what i find is that a lot of actual vintage clothes are extremely hard to find and expensive , and that a lot of reproduction brands are even more expensive ! i sometimes like to buy vintage clothes from amazon , but most of the time they are awful quality clothing and so now i'm just kinda stuck
personally i would advocate for mental health as much as fucking possible in the end there is no worse feeling than the feeling of being suicidal even terrorists who are being tortured don t feel as much mental pain because they feel a \( twisted \) sense of purpos
i m 21 and i know i m gonna die alone and whenever i try to tell myself i ll find someone and i m good enough for someone but the negative voices always win and i know in reality i m probably not good enough but i literally don t even want to get out of bed in the morning because i know it ll be another day i ll be alon
where i live schools have been cancelled for at least a month so we 're doing virtual learning again i had no trouble learning online at first amp even preferred it but now it 's impossible for me to get work done when youtube and social media is a click away i end up just staying on my computer all day saying just one more video , eating , and not leaving my house for days any advice \?
it happens to me often nowadays it even happened 40 seconds ago when i forgot the dae i was going to post instead of this sometimes it ends up making me think of something even more interesting than the original thought likely was
we can only hope dinner is g
the cinematography and the way they told the story is imo great but there is a legitimate lack of good creators in that video i do n't know about non tech channels so i 'll be focusing on just tech channels mkbhd is the only tech creator that was featured in that video there are a lot of other great people that make amazing content on youtube including but not limited to jonathan morrison \( tldtoday \) , austin evens , mrmobile , krystal lora , linustechtips , mrwhosetheboss and detroitborg these people were completely left out basically it was a showcase of some non tech channels for whom i ca n't say if they are good or not tl dr i like the cinematography of the youtube rewind 2018 video but the i do n't like the fact that all tech creators were n't inclu
esamir has the cool weird forest growing next to the shattered warpgate and i was thinking that the ridiculously vertical mountains of hossin should be completely leveled and replaced with a massive amount of foliage making it more difficult for armor and air to spot or hit targets and creating a very vietnam experience it would create an interesting way for people to approach bases maybe there could be holes in it with a small driving path for base building
i 've applied to jobs this december and after phone interviews , the majority said they will set up interviews in january one recruiter mentioned they will review applications over the christmas period when should i expect a response , from your own experiences , as i have to carefully plan my notice period which is one month \?
when we are acting in love , we will never hurt anyone i am not particularly religious i think the bible has a lot of important life lessons , though perhaps one of the greater lessons i ve learned is that of love loosely interpreted , it mentions that love fulfills it leaves no void it serves as an enrichment to one s life our story is over all i have of you are memories but , you were an addition to my life your absence has been felt , but i look back on our time together with a fondness i know it is love because it doesn t have an end point it s limitless even at a distance , i still hope the best for you i hope you understan
it s probably just 
i need to take a medication twice daily that s recommended to be taken with food how can i safely fast and take the medication \? for reference , i m currently 20 hour fasts i ll probably be fasting in the morning when i need to take the first dose , but should be fine by the evening dose because i ll have broken my fast then
hello my names will and i m looking for someone to get to know and maybe even get close with it ya want to find out more about me please feel free to message me \)
i go to college all the way across the country my cat lives at home and i miss her so much i don t get homesick at all she s the only thing i miss i won t be home for over 2 months , how can i get over this \? i just look at pics and videos of her and i could honestly cry thinking about it i just want to cuddle her i can t get a cat here since i don t live here full ti
a lot of single people wish they could be with someone it 's usually stigmatized as a bad thing to but i 've also heard the opposite to be true where married couples wish they could be single i guess it works both ways and the grass is always green
apologies if this cant go here was n't sure where to put it let 's discuss please this is hands down the best animated dc movie we have ever had i was not not bored at all this was exciting from start to finish the gruesome deaths , the beautiful clark was cool etragon was cool i love ravens white suit idk what to say but wow flashpoint 2 0 here we come i cannot wait for more the ending wow
for some reason , during a workout , my arms will cease to function as they did at the beginning for example , i could be able to lift a dumbbell for a few reps at the start of my workout , move to some leg exercises , and when i go back to my arms , i find they refuse to lift what i want them to the weight will not have changed , and i do n't feel tired it 's quite literally as if my arms switch off after a break
at 20 i still daydream about worlds filled with fantasy creatures and characters stolen from books or shows i'm always zoning out and escaping to my story , always adding to it or redoing parts often when i'm zoned out i dont even hear people talking to me it 's like i block out sound i can get more emotional in these scenarios than i do in real life i never talk about it as i feel like my family is very real world real things be in the now but i have never related more to a group in my life thankyou
hello , i'm interested in switching my cat to a different type of wet food she has n't had issues with food adjustment in the past and she is n't very picky price is n't a concern , i just want the best food for her \) thank you !
hey bros , i myself am bi but am on the larger side of things , i'm taller than most so that helps but i was just interested in weather or not size plays a part in your dating and sex lives thanks guys
i bought a bunch to buy the living seasons but now i have left over what would you recommend i purchase \? i have 9 char slots and do n't need more ps not a big fan of gambling on mount skins s
m 24 uk hey guys i'm so sorry and feeling guilty to have to ask for help i'm really struggling until my first payday on the 18th of september i have no money for food and i'm on my own , if there 's anyone out there that is able to help me in this time of need i would be ever in your debt \( i will happily pay back whatever is lent to me \)
doing research on what kind of job within the police or military is the best for 
i don t have a problem getting along with people but i just can t make friends no matter what even with hobbies cross country track and volunteering at my old church i just can t ever make friends the last one i made was in elementary school and i m in 11 grade people are chill with me talking but when i try to get to know them better they get cold on 
like how many calories does a chair have \? am i weird for wondering \?
selling this brand new , never worn airboss \( among with a few other things i will be posting up in here \) to help take care of my mom who actually just had a major surgery and is gonna be out of work for quite a few months if anyone has any questions about the watch please go ahead and message me for details or more pics \( original msrp was 2 , 450 \) price is negotiable watch is number 153 out of 300 made pics
i was thinking of getting an i9 , but i have an 17 7700k and apperantly the i9 is n't that big of an upgra
did shit in my jc and i worry that ll bring me down it s class based right \? and not based on my personal results \?
so here s the thing , i think i ve got a bad case of imposter syndrome at my new job and i ve been working long hours and studying over the weekends and i m starting to burn out now is there anything small i could be doing daily to improve myself \? currently i m spending a few hours every weekend studying and i rather spend like an hour daily to do something so i need your help what can i be doing \? how do i improve myself and not burnout \?
hi ! i like action and sci fi movies i 've seen most of the classic big sci fi and action movies , and i do n't seem to like many movies made before jaws , for some reason what do you recommend \? the big series' i have seen include star wars star trek most of spielberg 's work all of christopher nolan back to the future the daniel craig james bond movies mission impossible jason bourne kingsman every 21st century superhero movie to date the matrix terminator die ha
i love the idea of shen jg but ive never had the balls to try how are his clears \? does hebwork in the jg \?
they 'd get first crack at the buffet table and bar backstages passes , meeting the priest after the show 's over , the whole nine yards everyone would get a goodie bag with a plushie of the thing he killed me with i got run over \? little timmy gets a new jeep plushie , complete with bloodstains and cracked windshield shot in the crossfire of a gang war \? little bryce is going home with a stuffed glock
i'm glad so see so many sexy men and thems on here has anyone had surgery , or just me \?
one of my biggest fears is being forced to meet with my dad weather seeing him in the street or by whatever means , it would n't be by choice i have so much anger built up inside after the years of abuse and torment , i'm afraid i wouldnt be able to control myself he would leave wherever we were on a stretcher and me in the back of a police car thats the way it would be i pray i'm never forced into that situation
it 's been a while since the last video made me wonder if that series is don
i have these two problems \( under eye bags and dots holes at the side of the nose \) since a couple of years and i can t seem to get rid of it for the bags , i do get 8 hours of sleep but they just don t want to go away , also for them and the dots holes i ve been trying every possible cream and pomade with no results help !
\( \) you are awes
so , my story is a bit calm and slow in the beginning , but now i need to change things in a very dramatical way where it goes from nice sweet slice of life kind of story to the fast paced horror action with lots of running , screaming and murdering how can i describe the sudden appearance of gunshot sounds that start this scene \? also , how to dramatically reveal who shot the gun \( going for reaction like no way , that ca n't be her ! thought she is a nice girl and now she does this ! \? \) any help would be greatly appreciated !
i constantly feel worthless like theirs nothing good about me i ve felt like this my whole life , i don t think i ve ever felt worth anything i ve also been to therapy for years and have seen many different therapists and psychiatrists i ve read almost every article out there i ve tried and tried and still always end up feeling worthless like anything could happen to me and i d deserve it it s made it hard for me to build any kind of healthy relationships or friendships because they always end up treating me like how i feel i don t know this seems more like a vent
the cards are made with polar bear scrapbook paper \( drawings \) and not polar bear photos , in case that matters to you they each have a quote and cheerful stickers i have nine available i will leave this post up until 5pm on saturday est , and then i will randomly take nine names i hope you have a wonderful weekend ! please let me know if your postcard arrives damaged , or if it never arrives i would like to get an idea of how my cards are surviving the mail , after i had one returned , damag
so i'm trying to go wild with karametra , god of harvests , and thought about some kind of sac and reanimate in selesnya with cards like greater good and birthing pod to sun titan karmic guide emeria shepherd reveillark , does someone saw something like this in the past \? and are there any other great cards for this kind of strategy \? thanks ! also if you somehow find synergy of this kind of strategy with karametra sure let me know !
so i want to be a rays sth next season , but i see something about a 250 charge what is that for \?
too much time on my hands is not good i just sit and think about how much i ve fucked up how much damage has been done to me such an unhappy adult i want to die sometimes not kill myself just die if it weren t for my son , i d be gone just pass away in my sleep
amp x200b ! video \( 6466chjchz151 \)
i'm rich , fancy a shag \? lol jk strictly friends , 28m ireland i love food , just recently started youtube videos of some personal favourite dishes i like instagram for pics i 've been finding the discord app interesting lately , so you can dm for that i would be an open minded person who enjoys comedy but i suppose i have a low tolerance for bull shit if you 're not honest , i will block you
yesterday we had a conference in my country about the new covid 19 rules one of the rules is that every store must close immediately except for supermarkets and drugstores for a moment i thought you couldnt send any packages anymore and it broke my heart , but fortunately you can ! and i am so happy about it moral of the story is that nothing will stop christmas ! merry christler to everyone ! ! ! \( i hope this doesnt spoil me \)
i hate myself even more when i drink even the fake fleeting happiness is n't there any
i will never forgive myself for letting my bpd ruin my relationship with my ex , i can t explain how much i loved him and i use to bend over backwards to be just perfect for him but i wasn t enough and it s my fault i know it is i love him so much i can t begin to explain how much i miss him , i moved an entire country for him but i know i wasn t enough i hate myself so much sometimes and i hate myself even more for not being able to keep him around my heart aches and i m not sure if i can ever be in love again and even if i can i can t be in love with someone other than him i really wish i wasn t this way
i have been stuck in this room for almost 24 hours now \( 22 hours rn \) , i can t leave the house i don t have books or netflix to keep me occupied i am kinda sad i miss my old housemates so yeah , keep me company \?
i m a 19m who s got no experience with women and been rejected more times than i can count , i don t even know how to talk to women i m your atypical antisocial shut in and i have no social life outside of work lately i ve tried going to the gym and eating healthy , but it feels like it s no point in trying , i can t curve my social anxiety and there s no guarantee getting fit will curve my genetics i lose the motivation easy cause honestly the only reason i m even working out is to attract women
i will talk about literally anything and everything if you need someone to vent to i can listen
i m lutheran and since pre school to now being a junior in high school i ve gone to lutheran schools but the more i ve learned about the catholic church the more interested i ve been about from its history tradition and its leaders i m in high school so i can t really just convert yet or start taking those steps and my family is lutheran so they probably wouldn t be happy if i told them this
will probably play skyrim but i'm too lazy to turn on my ps right now
so i'm sure i 've created plenty of songs from one loop but sometimes i find it very hard to get out of it when it sounds cool enough a single 8 bar loop what are some tricks to develop a cool loop into a full song \? thanks !
hey guys so i'm new to this i need some help i have the cd and when i tried to access gta online it said this content cannot be selected at this time is there a way to fix this \?
40 dex and int \?
hi the reverse of the metal lace straps \( sorry i can t remember the word for them it s the 3 pairs of metal loops at the top of the boot \) are digging through the leather tongue and into my ankle it s really painful has anybody experienced this and found a solution \? i was thinking of doing a diy job of sticking a softer material to the back of the studs with superglue thanks for reading !
hey all wifeysauce is streaming first time gameplay of fall guys check her out at
for the personal statement and personal characteristic essay \( for tmdas , not sure about amcas \) it wants a maximum of 3000 and 2500 spaces , respectively i searched it up and they are equivalent to around 500 words and 411 words , respectively does this look correct because it seems to short to me \?
it was a sketch or clip from a movie show and i'm 90 it had robert webb in it in it , he keeps asking his friends if i did , how mad would you be at me \? you would still talk to me afterward though , right \? and does it anyway i ca n't find it at all on youtub
hi there how are you on this fine day pretty bored from doing math practice for hours looking to chat with anyone tbh , wont ghost at all cuz i only use reddit and not a creep , feel free to pm me because im always online except when i sleep or when im at school
assuming it 's someone you have gone out 4 5 times with you would be able to meet at least once a year there is an interest to move closer to each other in the next few years , but without a fixed plan for the time being under what circumstances would you consider this \?
down by the river of the hankie pankie where the bull frogs jump from bank to bank saying east side , west side , east side , west side , billybangbong !
making fun of me for being an atheist then he punched me that 's it
i cannot conect to apex legends because of code 100 i tryied changing server many times , changing dns to 8 8 8 8 and 8 8 4 4 , restarting my game , restarting my console , turning my ps4 off and coming back after an hour nothing works i ca n't grind ranked with my friends because of it can someone help me \? also respawn , please fix your fucking ga
get entranced in my gaze as we become one , lost in the void together , we are the sun , with everything aside , just you and i alone , me and you , together , this is our true h
here 's my presentation \( lm2 qjvjferentonndlbfponsbwhk edit \? usp sharing \) i'm 22 years old , so prefer if you 're 18 i play league of legends , and recently got into jrpgs and mmorpgs would like it if you 're open to voice calls and are talkative , if not that 's okay discord preferred \)
the government literally stalks and controls all of us , saying what plants we can and can t eat , telling us how much money we re allowed to make selling products from our homes , etc etc etc and then they can t even stop one crazy angsty teen from slaughtering their school what the fuck is this \? \? it s certainly not freedom and it s certainly not quality protection for what we re paying if it were then there d be a lot less murders
i m starting feel hopeless about myself life and things in general i ve noticed i have lost in enjoyment that i loved doing like my hobbies i feel unhappy with my life and unloved and currently going through a breakup as well things are so hard rn i find myself feeling angry and upset , i view the world so differently now i feel like things have gotten hard for me i really miss my ex boyfriend and i want him back but he s talk to another girl and i can t do anything i wonder and question on whether i will feel truly happy ever again \? i feel unhappy
i 've been meaning to spend time exploring mafia ii 's open world and was wondering if any of you knew of cool interiors i could explore freeroaming at any given time perhaps lesser known ones even i 'd appreciate any leads !
if so , please message me if you know john from the latest episode socials or anything ! !
i 've been using huawei y6 prime 2018 since 2 years now the phone has started acting weird it keeps heating , volume up down freezez , camera lags , slow performance it 's still running on android 8 it has n't got an new update yet is there any way i can update it to android 9 or further \? is there any website or apps that helps in this \? thanks for reading
damn that shit is fucked up everything about it is so disturbing aaroniero is genuinely so weird ew
basically , severe peanut allergy etc etc , because of it i have random panics sometimes because i eat some food and my lip itches , suddenly the spike in adrenaline makes me sweat and feel like i'm having a reaction the constant paranoia really starting to effect things now
let 's have some deep conversations or silly convos maybe even play a game i'm 420 friendly so if you want to have some high chats let me know i'm a contractor so i'm pretty busy most times during the day , but i enjoy relaxing in my evenings i like all music from alternative to metal to 90s rnb i do n't watch too much tv , but i have seen a few shows i read a lot it relaxes me honestly i read fantasy and sci fi trash i play video games , but i have to be in the mood you know a little about me , so message me with a little about yourself i'm sure we can find something in common or if not , it 's cool to hear about people with different lifestyles and interests hope to hear from you soon
how do i get my meat sucked never got my meat sucked bef
i will be visiting istanbul in the next few months for medical tourism and am looking to meet with a dermatologist in order to do laser skin treatment where i currently live uk , this procedure is not available on the nhs and is expensive when done privately and since i 'll be in istanbul anyways i thought i would see what might be available does anyone have any recommendations for dermatologists in istanbul \? i have been recommended ac badem , medical park , medipol and florence nightingale , before , but i want a second opinion before i do anything else thank you
apologies beforehand for the maybe silly question , but here s the things i ve heard sora s story and arc is over the franchise isn t so i assumed the ending of the dlc was supposed to raise more questions and it worked ! does anyone have any theories \( or straight up just vaguely know \) what or who is next \?
wanted to use all my pto for yesterday , but accidentally used it for today and cancelled it i m waiting for the hours to come back , but i now have negative upt for yesterday will i be able to get rid of it with the pto i m going to get back eventually \?
at work there has been an outbreak of bedbugs spreading through the building the company is refusing to shut the place down for fumigation until it has been reported to hr as an issue thing is , it has been many times they still wo n't take care of the problem is there anything we can do about this \? it is a call center that has multiple locations to take care of things while the one is down for fumigation
heyyyyy someone snap us right now ! ! ! this quarantine is so boring and we just wanna have some fun right now \( lt 3
i 'd be ok if they showed like a little clip with a surprise in it get the internet talking a bit but to show the whole episode \? ! \? ! \? ! ! this is n't even a leak because they know no one is just gonna not say anything ! ! they know people leak comic con stuff all the time ! ! ! this is too big for a panel ! ! we need the episode the whole internet knows about it now , you might as well just show it to us ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
anil ozbek is a melodic death metal artist , composer , and producer from ankara , turkey
to get to the same si
i bought 20 worth of pokecoins , and i got the email from google with the purchase confirmation receipt but the coins have not been added to my account amp x200b is it just delay on niantics part or is this an actual problem \?
hey guys this isn t a homework question or anything so there s no hurry i m trying to show that the following lagrangian is invariant after a rotation \( assuming small angles \) l m 2 \( x dot 2 y dot 2 \) v \( x 2 y 2 \) x gt x y delta y gt y x delta delta v x y delta delta v y x delta i have tried substituting delta v x for y delta and delta v y for x delta the author states it s a simple calculus exercise to show the lagrangian doesn t change , but for the life of me i can t figure out what that is hints or clues would be better than the solution , thanks ! here is a picture if that helps
hiiii my name is tim i m from new hampshire ! i m a tech theatre major , a gamer , i have 8 dogs annnd yeah i m 6ft tall , brown hair , blue eyes , and i have a dad bod so yeah if any of that sounds vaguely interesting i d like to hear from someon
super bored and horny down for chat and comparing our packages be open and judgement free , so expect the same in return uncut and girthy , a plus if you re also uncut but not necessary kik heavenhotlin
is there a fix to this \? this really sucks because once youre at the find another piece of the banner for istiana arzagos , the bandit bases have a lot of bandkts in them not only that but to make it even worse you only take a small amount of your troops with you and you cant even pick which troops is there a way to fix this \?
hi guys i want to make a 2d sandbox game with pixle art but i cant afford any good sofware like aseprite is there any good sofwares i can use \?
fuck i keep forgetting
i feel so sad , i just started seeing someone right before this isolation happened , and i have a strong desire to give this person head it 's the first person i 've done it to for 4 years and he really likes it , and i do too i'm frustrated not sure if i 'll ever see this person again
i do n't know why i think they 'd go well together , but after listening to pompeii , i got lion king music stuck in my head , specifically this song bastille pompeii \( 8ny \) the lion king 2 he lives in you \( \)
japan has a whole electronic music scene that i seem to like give some good recommendations of any artists or albums !
we both need to complete challenges and will send gifts bc we need to free space \) \) lt 3 from usa
both on the nwaf , one in the lower lefthand corner , one in the military compound in the very north it was a high population server with lots of gunshots nearby aswell theres hope boys if anyone needs the ak , hit me up oh and i killed someone at the tents at nwaf that was shooting at me with an sks poor fucker didnt land a shot im really proud of myself please applaud now and have a good day yall
if u are then pm me i m m 20
halo 3 will always be my absolute favorite halo \( because i was that kid on hot mic with the one earphone and mic \) , but i truly do believe halo 2 is a better game for reasons everyone already said why it 's amazing so yeah go off that lol what do you think \? i wanna know if some people just genuinely dont like halo 2 and refuse to play it that 's right black sheep , nowis the time to shine lol now let 's go make some birthday parties out of some grunts heads
i get the market it very competitive in colorado right now how high are my chances winning a bid if i put 200k cash down payment on a 375k home \? this is my very first time bidding on a house , so i am not familiar with everything
are servers in arena not meant for console \? playing some arena and i notice it s a lot heavier and a bit laggier than console servers \? is that a thing \? anyone else on console practicing and feel it too \?
how interesting would it be to say that i found my lifelong friend on reddit \? anyway , i m currently an undergrad studying environmental sciences in california get to know me i for one haven t used kik since middle school but i use it now so that i don t have to give out any personal socials message me , my user is ohbevy oh and if you re down to travel to alaska this winter bang my line or uh kik
i'm always worried that my diet or environment can someone cause me to develop some weird disease things like muscle aches , headaches , and fevers always cause me to panic a littl
where do you guys find them \? i know its late and school is going to start soon , but i wanna know for next summer i want to attempt to get my foot in the door and i think interning would be a good option im currently an undergrad sophomore also are there any tips when it comes to networking \?
i don t remember much of this movie , but it was kind of anime studio ghibli style and there was a girl who went into the woods and had to enter this house maze and as she entered she got old really fast , and that s all i remember i know it s not a lot to go on but if anyone knows what the movie is that d be great \)
puffy areolas tanner stage 3 4 i hate it they protrude so far they practically sag when they 're cold they look like how they did before hrt , small and nice now theyre puffy domes that are seen under my shirt without a bra or multiple undershirts , and i hate it i barely have any breast so i just look like i have large saggy nipples now , basically like gynecomastia really hoping that after srs and with progesterone they 'll continue to develop
here 's a presentation \( lm2 qjvjferentonndlbfponsbwhk edit slide id g1762055750 0 252 \) i made hmu if you 're interested \)
honestly , it 's one of my top 5 favorite feelings it 's almost magical the world seems different , better , hopeful like anything is possibl
help me and my lineup my team is void drifter , 6 serenade , shadow knight i want to drop 1 of em because i cant set properly , i dont have hov , but i love everyone in there and idk , i am deciding to give tranquil arias to 6 serenade or void drifter , but idk , tell me who i should 
currently have 3 pages but would like to see if you can make it to two if you are also open to drafting a cover letter for 1 lmk
hi , looking for participants to help out with my thesis about relationships and interpersonal support 4yhozzqryygmgff \( \) generally , the study takes about 20 30 minutes the findings of this study will help identify and develop treatments for people who self injure , or are at risk of self injurious behaviour both participants with and without a history of self harm are encouraged to participate responses are anonymous , and participants will not be able to be identified at any point data will be stored on a secure online server for 5 years participants will be presented with the opportunity to enter the draw for 1 of 3 50 visa gift cards upon completion of the study this will be provided through an anonymous link , so that the entry cannot be linked to the participant 's responses and preserve anonymity
if you 're making online friends , you want to have a real conversation i get that it should be short for text conversations for when you just need to check up on someone or notify them about something but i actually prefer sending long texts in conversations bc i have a lot to say i think each sentence has its own idea , so it 's not like i'm always blabbering but i do n't get why people prefer sending out short texts i feel like i 'll have more of a connection with an online friend if we have more in depth conversations
i m currently a senior and i have the choice of either going to hunter for free or nyu \( 30k \) i majoring in nursing and plan to become nurse practitioner , debt is a serious issue but i want to still have the college social life , is that unlikely if i go to hunter \? i honestly want to go to nyu just for the experience but the cost is too much
are they purely for reducing sound or is there some other purpose to it \?
i'm kinda bored and sad so if you want to talk dm me i love frogs , i'm 14f if that matters , i guess also i really really like shiny things idk why i said that
just checked out their menu they have gdp , headband and super lemon haze pax pods and gdp and headband vape carts
i played rct when i was like 12 i'm 24 now and wanting to get back into it for fun which version should i get and why \?
is it really nutritious as it is said \? i believe plain oats with milk and fruit is much better than taking corn flakes with milk even plain cornflakes haa preservative in it and sugar which i think cant be good for weight loss
the way things have been going in the world , it 's no doubt we are in the end times but by seeing the signs and the times , it seems like we 're closer and closer to the lords return \? part of me fears his return because i know i'm not ready but a part of me ca n't wait to see his return
hey i'm an average build male in london ontario looking for a fwb or a hookup i'm a man who likes to please my partner and have fun if you 're interested dm me and i will send you pictures and tell you more about myself
my family and i got a plan plan and we each got new phones however , we are having so much trouble , and wanted to return can we do this at the physical location that we bought our items at or can we go to another location \?
so i want to get a laptop to learn coding and do casual web browsing nothing too heavy , but i'm having trouble choosing which mb to get i'm either leaning towards the base model mb or a refurbished mbp \( 2017 \) i want a mb because it would be new and it 's 899 99 at best buy which is in my budget or a refurbished mbp because it has a retina display and it has better specs but it 's 1099 99 which is over my budget
my friends soon to be ex husband is starting to play dirty during this divorce any advice on how to handle it \? should she document everything kids are invol
mbd msi b450 gaming pro carbon ac gpu palit geforce rtx 2070 super gamingpro i could not find this gpu on pcpartpick
so our house is being renovated and some guys came over with furniture my mom was outside and called to ask what all they had brought over i told her and even sent her a picture later when she came home , she slapped me twice for always being on my phone and not telling her everything properly i was so confused and and pissed , i told her to get out of my room she slapped me once more and told me that i should get out of her house we 've not been communicating since and she \( and my dad \) expect me to apologise when i think i was n't wrong in any way
problem is i do n't know anything about investing and no one to tell me how is there a financial advisor i can just do so with or is it something i should do myself learn how and get into the stock market \?
lately ive been experiencing synchronicity at almost every turn from numbers to thinking of something and it appearing in front of me ive hit a point where i am going through a huge ending and essentially i am able to take control of my life in the next stages my issue is , ive been very confused on exactly what path to take ive asked the universe for guidance and the synchronicities have affirmed all of the paths im deciding between is this a result of my confusion \? or is the universe simply just telling me it supports me no matter what \?
this is hands down the most unusual nba season in history all the teams are playing in one location , no fans , little media , and when people talk about that one nba season when everything was weird and different , they ll think about that shot that our boy luka doncic hit today luka legend in
i can send the case scenario along with the questions
are the vampyres still zamorakian or no \? i 've noticed a lack of zimzam iconography in their city
its confusing me right now i am also a lesbian , but now i'm sexually confused i am extremely attracted to him , not the actor but the actual character no one knows this i just wanted to get it off my chest , im feeling really confused right now about my sexuality and being a human in general lol
i ve been wanting to be an actor for 5 years and im only 11 i live in the central coast and have been in a lot of school and theater plays but i live in an apartment and cant afford acting classes or backstage memberships i dont know how to get auditions
where is the best place to buy algae omega 3 \?
my sessions usually last 4 5 hrs with edging however , after i cum that s it for me i can t seem to get back into it for another go i can t get hard , most semi hard nor the drive to keep going it would be great to get in 2 or 3 sessions when i have the house alone , but after my first cum i m done for the day any advice \? m , 39 , active and healthy
you deserve so much more , rise up and go get it
now thats a lotta damag
hey i wanted to start a fresh run tomorrow and wanted to ask if someone wants to play together on ps4 would be dop
i'm feeling like shit soni want to cry to make me feel bett
i need some new leos any small businesses i could support by buying from \?
because god fucking forbid i get at least some dopamine in my brain im so fucking unhinged and the quarantine is only making it worse im so god damned alone and pathetic
you have the werewolf boss in dotn , the warden in botd , the elephant in ix , the floating eye in voyage , persesus in ancient evil i think he looks the best out of all the bosses i
for almost a week my intestines have been getting more and more painful each day today i woke up and have been feeling nauseous all morning i do drink alcohol every day but it is usually one beer cider and a bit of wine i think i may have had a yeast infection or bladder infection last week \( i am a male \) but has been good this week we are in lockdown so i ca n't easily get to a gp i am very stressed out at the moment , any ideas on what it can be \? thank you for your ti
i m a white 5 1 skinny construction work that is kind and loyal man that love all pets and most foods plays video games and still watches cartoons love music still a little bit a kid at heart but i now when to be sirius if need more info about me just ask i m looking for a girl that is a pet lover and won t turn tail if times get hard and leave if you won t to now more massage me ill be here waiting
i still wanna keep the visor overlay , i just wanna lower the green tint that comes with it it 's basically blinding me , especially at night how do i do that \?
i went a month without masturbating and i had a wet dream at least 3 4 times i actually felt it during my sleep once i woke up i knew what had happen
do 2 microsd to one sd card adapter exist anywhere \? i 've been looking frantically for something similar to how they have 2 micro sd to memory stick duo adapters you 'd think they 'd have the same for sd cards but i cant find any thanks for your help and ti
i dropped my trans pin at the pride i m at in front of my dad and my aunt and i feel like he s mad at me and i m really sa
drugs r my problems and my answers to my problems i spilled water on my bed some1 i like is mad at me im going to lay in water and cry
hi , i m an 18 year old girl i have thought i was asexual since i was 12 or so i do not like sexual things or anything like that , but i do like romantic relationships i just don t like sex or sexual acts a lot of people have told me i m not asexual for that i don t know i don t have anyone who supports me everyone tells me it s just a phase you don t know what you re talking about well , i ve had sex before and hated it some sexual things and hated it i don t know i just want to feel valid and accept
i see lots of pretty hairstyles and think my girlfriend would look great in them , but i am terrible at even making a ponytail i 'd like to learn from easy to hard eventually any help \?
it ll make it easier to spend our points , that are easily racked up , and it gives us better fodder units , they can swap out the grand and elder kais if they must , but the dozing kais should stay , imo and when the new friend point lr comes , it ll be just a little easier to grin
it looks like a cool little shop with some unique donut designs but i do n't see what the allure is how is it any different from any other donut shop \?
so archer 's butler dies and it sends him into a shock where he goes to 1940 's he wakes up to the realization that his butler is gone and then we end up on an island \? then in space \? i feel i 've missed something but i 've watched a couple time up to the space season i assumed it went like non canon and did their own thing with the characters did they \?
it like they are trying to show off their calf muscles is this some kind of show of confidence , or maybe lack of confidence \? i m just trying to understand this phenomenon from a psychological standpoint i m doubting this has anything to do with the physical bone muscle structure of their body
if i 've been paid basic time for all overtime i 've done , including weekends , for my basic payrate , despite being stated in the overtime policy to be 1 5x on sat and 2 0x on sun , is this money owed to me \? would it be backpaid \? amp x200b what are my rights with this \?
be grateful for all the good you have in your lif
anyone want to play siege \? i play on pc , and most of my friends don t have time anymore for it , pm me and i ll give my uplay , please be 15 27 , i don t want squeakers or people that could be my parent , i could make exceptions though so give it a shot also i m na so if you are in eu mind the ping we can play to have fun , or competitively , take your pick
i am considering whether it would be a better long term strategy to invest in a dividend etf that currently has a very high yield \( like sphd or spyd \) or one that has a low current yield but is designed to appreciate over time \( like nobl or vig \) or maybe split my money between both strategies \? i am 19 and plan to have this invested until retirement in a few decades
i m a married dad of a teenager lots of life experience to share marriage , relationships , careers , parenting and more hmu please no minors
i do n't know why but just about everytime i get my period , which is irregular and very heavy , i have to pee just about every 5 minutes it 's frustrating especially when i am trying to go to sleep or trying to not use so much toilet pap
so i have a whole heap of paint like maybe 200 ish bottles the issue now is that i have no idea how to sort them in terms of colours i have my vallejo and scale75 in one tray and do n't mind mixing them about how do you guys sort your paints \? i'm a little colourblind , but can work around that \) any advice would be much appreciated !
takes 4 6 weeks to see if it works , so in the mean time they jack me with legit pain meds and i play the game of evaluating each and i always come back to kratom i hate it 's downsides \( bricks anyone \? \) and ca n't take my pain meds at the same time and feel them but kratom still works better about 24gpd , in 3 8g hits morning , afternoon , evening works like a charm i wish i could be a less is more person , but no matter how many times i try , it does n't work out i got a good local guy to buy from , take mild laxatives , chug it with cold oj , life is n't too bad \)
i think that explains the escapism sensations caused by madd it s a way to a more exciting world but i don t know , it may be just 
hello , im 18m and was looking for someone to chat to on discord and just talk about lif
we re looking for something dark and psycological \( we watched the promised neverland together and would like something similar \)
hey , i 've wanted to go to japan for some time but i have no idea where to go or what to do i do n't really have any friends so i would probably be travelling alone i wanna go for a week or maybe 2 does anyone have any advice on what i should do \?
hello i m fine now and i m enjoying my trip but about a hour or two i i don t know i ve lost track of time but i was stuck there and i couldn t move like i couldn t fucking move and i wanted to get help but i couldn t i m fine now but is this a bad trip \?
is the older you get the more boring making out becomes \?
ok , ok , please do n't flame me it 's been a long time since i fooled around with mods and i do n't know how to do them with the current minecraft versions i know there is a forge installer , but i have already installed optifine on a profile my question is , can i add additional mods to the optifine profile \? i want to add zan 's minimap so that i can use it on my friend 's server \( that should work , right \? \) also , would too many items not enough items work for me while i play on a server \? thanks !
has any one had virus come with the gimp download \? \? \?
please , i m scared lol
the idea that in heaven we will all be eating sweet fruits and sleeping in gold mansions all day doesnt sound that interesting to me plus just the thought of living in one place for eternity scares me when we do the same activities over and over again , no matter how enjoyable they are eventually we will get bored and have nothing new left to try theres no win situation if you 're atheist you gotta accept the fact we will stop existing and if you believe in religion , living for eternity sounds just as scary i wanted to get opinions of ppl outside my religion what do u guys think \?
i'm looking for friends between the ages of 13 15 hmu but do n't be creepy
i'm sure millions of others to it was cool in the beginning but now that i have n't seen people or done any social activities in months i feel disconnected just to see or talk to people in real life would be such a relief i'm also not looking forward to this upcoming winter i already get sad and i do n't need anything else to make me feel ba
i sent him a long message saying i love him and stuff then and i said please say goodbe or say how you feel and he said i dont want to talk to you anymore goodbye then he blocked me do you think he is not suffering and doesnt love me as i do \?
the atlas wants to reset itself the games gives me three choices seek the final interface , complete the atlas path or explore the galaxy i want the story to end well what do i do \? \? \?
so ive started playing the magrider quite a bit , which secondary fits this description the best good against both aircraft and infantry , with a high rate of fire and a decent ammount of damage , doesnt have to be good against vehicles
i know i am my trigger finger is itchy edit for those who do n't know , it was mentioned in r orangered as an upcoming event
i can only imagine with the reputation the forest has , there has to be some amount of people who are found alive in the forest who are obviously there to potentially end their life im wondering how those people are treated by those who find them and what happens to them when they 're found do they face any legal or social trouble \? i cant find much info on this part of the subject
what will be the 3 ranks of swords he ends with , at least 2 saijo o wazomono grades at least i
hey , so something happened between me and my mum we have a good relationship in general , but today we fought like never i just brought up a wish to attend a better school , but even then i was turned to be the villain of the debate i have never felt such an urging feeling of sadness and loneliness i really need someone i promise to be there for you
so back then i have been playing with myy yoyos they 're good but i always rebuy them because they get loose thread sometimes and that i ca n't fix it and like for me they 're very fragile btw i experienced this way back in 2017 so there might be some changes
hi , i just came on here to post ask this does anybody else lurrv going to sleep just as the sun comes up \? i am living a more normal lifestyle now but back when i was a nightowl it was alwats such a beautiful moment , i often couldnt sleep but weather i chose to or not that feeling when the birds start chirping and that gentle gentle light coming out , from there i would have about a 3 hour time frame where \( if for some reason i didnt straight away \) i could still go and fall asleep feeling like a feather but sometimes literally i would just fall asleep at the sight of light , i dont like to talk about this too much just came to ask if anybody else shared that same expirience \?
it s been so long since i ve had a main story quest can someone please remind me who s dating whom \? the only ones i remember are wasp thor , falcon miss marvel and i just found out cap is dating a model \( which i m assuming is tigra , when did that happen \? \) update so loki and bw dated \( or are dating \? \) and did wasp just go on dates with vision and antman or full on date them \?
they cant just kill vandal savage because he will just heal up and keep going , but thats the thing , he isnt reborn like the other 2 hawk people \( forgot their name \) , why not just drop him at the sun , if he cant die , kill him over and over again , then he would be there for the next 5 billion years and when the sun dies , he is stuck driffing throught space for eternity
ok so i am having troubles with like feeling dizzy and stuff , sometimes i start shaking like you do when you are cold , but i am not cold anyways , usually it s worst in the evening , so every day i m kinda scared of the night time sleep time because i know that that s when i feel the worst it doesn t happen everyday , but it happens frequently i don t know what to do my doctors couldn t figure out what is wrong just yet , maybe it s due to hormones or something , idk i m also having issues with gaining weight , maybe it s related to feeling dizzy shivering anyhow , any ideas what i can do \? i always fear the night time because of it but i don t want this to happen any
i ve heard some people say that if you are having a hard time with meditation at first that you should try and work on it daily but i just don t think it s my thing i prefer journaling and train of thought writing , almost kind of using it as a medium at times however , i ve been told that my guides really want me to work on meditation what should i do \?
a year ago literally a damn year ago i was 20 years old i had a beautiful girlfriend i was applying for great jobs everything seemed to be looking up for me here i am 21 years old 205 pounds after gaining 40 pounds over 6 months single i am an alcoholic i am a binge eater i have n't applied for a half decent job in so long honestly i feel broken
hi , my name is thomas and i love music \( rap \) \( writing listening \) , sports , video games , love animals , i have a dog and rn im just real bored so anyone wanna chat \? also , please be over 18 btw i prefer snap \( yungguccidrip \)
i mentioned this a while back on here and had a bunch of other people mentioning they were experiencing it too reddit is my main social media site so not being able to customize my profile really sucks especially cause that 's something i love doing i 've tried a bunch of different browsers , different computers , etc it definitely is n't on my en
it greatly simplified my 15 , 000 filters lol thank you \) any chance we can have wildcards for the other categories users , domains , and flairs as well \?
almost every night my mind goes off on what seems like an infinite non sequitur when i m between the state of awake and sleeping , and then suddenly i think what the fuck am i thinking and the story ends it s like if u described a dream word for word , no seeing or hearing or feeling , just thinking maybe i m just insan
like fck off , you 're 15 i'm 16 , 5 and ca n't even have normal conversations with girls not because i do n't want to but because they think i'm just not interesting to talk to \? i dunno why , i can have a perfectly fine conversation \( talking about irl conversations \)
now which one of you degenerates likes hand holding because this is the perfect weather to do it all night long
it s 1 am and i m wide awake i normally don t start to get tired until around 3 or 4 i normally pass the time playing video games or watching re runs i mean , what else am i supposed to do \? can anyone else relate \?
what was your reasons for rejecting a girl \? a guy rejected me because he just lost his job and said he had no future and no car however he also admitted he doesn t know how to love and didn t fall for me so yep he doesn t like me but he wanted into my pants
let s say you meet someone online from reddit or something but they live in a different country as you do , but they know what you look like and you know what they look like , would that count in you not being an incel anymore \? or does it only count if you guys have met in person \?
always been my favorite character in the series but very often downplayed and underestimated thoughts \?
2y6h849 squirting orgasm and b anal
i have a few friends in my college , but i want some more friends whom i can chat and share opinions with if you want to , do n't afraid to chat through my personal chat i will reply asap
for my podcast them , that and this \( 12 locked down in italy with tommaso id1492352561 \? i 1000468878500 \) , i interview my good friend tommaso who lived in treviso , italy he tells me all about how the coronavirus has ravaged his town , changed attitudes and has even caused some racial tension this will definitely give us an inside look at our possible futu
hi guys , ever since i got my 3ds , it was second hand , the left shoulder button has n't worked , i 've tried opening the 3ds , but ca n't get past some stubborn screws with ruined heads i 've tried tightening and loosening the screws directly beneath the button but still does n't work is there anyway i can get it working now , without trying again to open it , or sending away to nintendo or some random shop without the use of both shoulders , i ca n't soft reset for shiny pok mon any help will be much appreciated tia !
anyone here feel like certain supplements may have helped you \? i'm anticipating a likely positive test today and wondering might be possibly helpful to help this fight ie i 've heard vitamin d and glutathione have potential anyone know \? thanks
sorry if this has already been asked and answered but what do yoy actually get if you adopt a dot on the ohms album \? okay you upload a photo of yourself but what then \? thanks
what was that game where if the cartridge absorbed sunlight i d affect somethings the game \?
hey 22 year old middle eastern male looking for a girl who wants her foot worshipped nothing more just kissing , sucking , licking of feet , toes , and your soles you just lay down close your eyes and relax and let me massage and worship your feet after a long day
would really like one !
i m living at home this year and i feel like all my efforts to be independent last year when i lived alone are out the window and i ve reverted back to my younger self i don t think i m growing or maturing and it s hard to picture a happy future at the minute , every day is just the same online lectures bring me little enjoyment and i m not meeting and finding my people as i m meant to do in college the whole year drags out in front of me and it s going to be mentally exhausting to get through it , never mind enjoy it
i'm 100 sure i have everything set up right i press the manual recording key and it gives me the notification that it 's recording but it has a red single stripe across it afterwards i press the key again to end recording and save i check the folder i have selected to save footage to and all it does is make a folder inside of that folder with the name of the game i enter that folder and there 's never anything inside i have n't a clue what 's going on , i'm trying to record in fullscreen yes i look in the temporary folder i assigned and there 's nothing there either my nvidia install is fine as i just actually reinstalled it because of a prior issu
what is life \? what is existence \? what does it mean to live \? to have a purpose and meaning \? chaos and darkness , the only real persistence , emptiness that grows , am i simply dreaming \? i wander to and fro , an adversary to the truth , superficial wealth , fabricated points in a pointless universe , i dare to be different , for i dare to be myself , i weep with the gods , with the devils i immerse , love is a beauty , love is divine , love is destruction , love is regret and a thief , pain is deadly , suffering is sublime , perspective fills the cup , reality is belief
hi , so i ve been looking for brown prescription lenses not circle lenses and not lenses that turn my dark brown eyes hazel or green it s harder than i thought it would be i d love my eyes to pop a little more when i do my make up instead of completely change my eyecolor or sport lenses so light that i look like a zombie does anyone know where i could find lenses like these \? lenses that make my eyes come forward a bit more but wouldn t make people go yeah , she s totally wearing lenses thanks jn advanc
i'm so bored right now i only work monday through thursday and it 's kinda fun but when i'm not working i'm just sitting at home bored because i have no one to chill with i need my own group of friends to spend time with \( but at least school does n't start until september \( something \) so i'm not complaining
this is from 2 minutes ago , i'm at work and i keep a bottle of water in the break fridge i drank the rest and refilled and it was like straight rubbing alcohol , like burning and my throat is numb my boss says not her problem and upper management will get to it how can water change taste in a 4 hour span and what would cause this \?
should i read the manga or watch the anime \? also , is it a complete story \?
looks like i fucking hate everyon
monique is very friendly \( very friendly lucky guy ebook dp b01mrqjbj6 ref sr 1 6 \? dchild 1 amp keywords amy luste amp qid 1607098033 amp sr 8 6 \) hayley is keen to please \( keen please lucky guy ebook dp b01ncdvv9k ref sr 1 5 \? dchild 1 amp keywords amy luste amp qid 1607098033 amp sr 8 5 \) zo is super kind \( qid 1607098033 amp sr 8 4 \) rachel is really nice \( qid 1607098033 amp sr 8 4 \) annie is very cuddly \( qid 1607098033 amp sr 8 4 \) niamh is rather forward \( keywords amy luste amp qid 1607352994 amp sr 8 2 \)
we 've recently implemented a new structure in our company , where we have a deal with all of our vendors telling them that unless there is an approved purchase order on our end , no invoice will be paid one of our vendors however \( legal services \) , refused this deal claiming no client has asked for this for hourly services and this is impossible he kinda has a point but for our sanity we need to enforce this rule so my question is , is the guy right \? should we go ahead and make an exception for him or just dump him and go with another lawyer \?
it just came to me yesterday i am not even ready for a relationship imagine me being in a relationship not being able to afford much it just makes no sense and puts a lot of tension on everyone involved in that moment i thought to myself thank god i have no romantic partner of course , these state of minds are like tides , they come and go but maybe this time i am on the way to actually be glad and content to be alon
i do n't know if simply not winning a title this year or next year is enough to convince him to leave if he did i think milwaukee would have to of fallen real hard and he does n't like the direction they 're headed hard to say if milwaukee is a couple of roster moves away from winning it all or if the ship will have sailed type scenario anyways just curious to know what would need to happen
i'm making a team to refute the wahabis sect and their ideology if you 're interested dm 
i need a white guy that will send videos of him on the toilet pictures of his big cock on the toilet i want to see him jerking off and moaning while he s taking a big fat shit i want to see you on the toilet i don t want to send anything back in return just looking for a guy that likes to show if that s you send me a messag
so when read i like to get books before i finish the one i m reading so that i immediately have something else to read i seem to be in need of recommendations i enjoy the fantasy genre a lot if you d like you can throw in some non fantasy as well thank you in advanc
at first it would turn on and load the loading screen now it wo n't show up at all on the monitor yet the cpu , mouse and keyboard stays on \? any help will be appreciated thank you
heyyyy guys any ceo 's , doctors , attorneys , actors , feet pics addicts etc wanna take possession of three cute college girls \? \? \? \? we have pretty feet as well ! ! ! ! quarantine is actually the most boring thing ever ! anyways we are three horny college girls quarantining togeth
i tried the nofap challenge seriously once before , i last about 10 days it was hard and i end relapsing , and i thought to myself that i did not masturbate so much so as long as i keep it under control it was not a big deal but lately , i watch too much porn \( fuck i even used reddit for porn \) and masturbate a lot , so i decided to try and stop masturbating , but i failed in my second day i am just writing this in order to force me to try harder and not give up
tried to kill myself god went nope tried to be happy life went nope tried to exist mind went okay , we can try that for a whil
we have been talking for a month , i know she likes me she texts good morning asks me personal questions etc she broke her phone recently so she hasn t been texting as often anymore which is understandable we are both 20 but recently she went on a 3 day long hiatus where she never replied to my text on snap then she hits me with heyyyyyy i m alive ! ! ! ! it makes no sense to me since she hasn t texted me she s going on what looks like another hiatus for whatever reason if i had to guess she wants me to double text her for whatever reason any advice on what to do tldr hasn t replied for 3 days and wants me to text her back even if she doesn t reply to my text
i want a submissive and obedient cucks
like where they trying to torture dyslexics who thought this was a good idea did no one think though the whole process of naming this that maybe it would be smart to call it something that a dyslexic could acutely spell
i usually just wear a basic shirt like a tunic type and leggings but i m wanting to kinda change it up a bit and wear more than just tunics all the ti
i was playing teemo and i literally could n't anything against her i was n't strong enough to kill her i could n't push hard enough to take the tower i could n't leave lane because she could take my tower before i could get back when is illaoi going to get the fucking nerf she needs \?
in the new aspiration that comes with the pack i need to take a selfie with that statue , yet when i do so the game doesnt see it \? it s annoying bc i cant reach the first milestone does anyone have the same issu
while at first i didn t really enjoy the new crew introduces to tranzit , i ve been starting to like them more and more as time moved on do you guys think we will ever see them again \?
i am a haitian born in port au prince on august 17th 2000 and was brought to gods littlest angeles which is an orphanage i'm just seeking out what the best way to get any information about my biological parents is i know it 's not much to go off of also my birth name was kensly
i'm a 16m from illinois , very bored atm and waiting for school to start im into most nerdy shit , got good memes , am a good listener and all that jazz hit me up
24f i m at my parents house over the holidays and got over the \( easy \) physical addiction part , but i m returning back home in a few days , and i just know once i m back to that familiar environment bang the cravings are coming back it happens every single time i really really really don t want to waste another year smoking i already wasted 3 of my most precious years and don t want another second of it does anyone have any practical tips other than pure will power \( that hasn t worked well in the past \) please any advice is much appreciated i just need to get through that first day at least ! ! i feel like after that it will get easier and easi
i got my phone with stock cyanogenos 11 a month ago , updated to cyanogenos 12 , and then rooted and installed twrp , and now that cyanogenos 12 1 is out , i get this \( \) error when updating i 've tried unrooting and i get the same error i 've manually flashed it from the download location and i get this \( \) error does anyone know how to fix this \?
i ve noticed that there are surprisingly many 23 year olds here like myself how are you guys doing \? are you planning on getting out of neerdom \? do you guys have a degree \? fyi i m a uni drop out , been a neet for the past 3 years , live with my mom , recently started working as a dishwasher but looking forward to quitting it
so the corona virus is spreading across the globe , right \? remember when one day the news talked about kim jong un saying that they 'll show the world their new strategic weapon \? what if that weapon is the corona virus that spread from wuhan in china \? we all know that north korea and china have somewhat good relations and i think that kim sent someone with a pathogen to release that virus i also find quite suspicious how n korea closed their borders right after freaky stuff here 's the article i'm talking about but i'm sure there are more articles reporting the same thing korea new weapon we all gone di
we could have a streak or just talk in the chat i just hate how lonely i get because i tend to stay up later than most i m mixed kinda chubby \( but i work out hella , so that s something we can talk about \) i lack a lot of confidence and i just find that talking to the perfect person can make me forget anything negative i m thinking about myself if you re interested , pm me for my userna
18f bored let s talk about anything lol
herr derrr im a fairy nihilist i dont believe in fairies just shaddup ya twinkies
i'm around episode 330 in shippuden and i just had a thought that kind of bothers me i 've realized that pretty much all major villains in naruto , have in some way , shape or form been associated with the akatsuki there 's all the original members of the akatuski , taka , madara and even oorichmaru was a former member it just seems a bit tacky to me to have all of them connected i thought oorichmaru was this cool former leaf shinobi who started his own village and had his own organization and underlings , which is true , but then they mentioned how he used to be a part of the akatsuki and it seemed unoriginal
i guess when i compare myself to others i don t understand why it is so hard for me to make maintain friends much less a gf i feel inferior to other people , like there is something wrong with me and when people see that , they leave i don t know what it is or how to fix it i hate myself
every night i go to bed i hope i never wake up every night i close my eyes i hope they never open again i hope to disappea
this is for a future date as we just had a session please dm or add mochachinodaddy on snap
the title explains it but , as a follow up sort of to my previous post , i want to ask this girl to hang out but i do n't know how to do it without seeming too forward or overbearing i asked her yesterday if she wanted to do anything in the afternoon and she said she had plans and i said that 's okay and we moved on with the conversation and it was all okay but i really do want to see her and do something remotely interesting so how would i go about this \?
hey , i m looking for some new friends to chat with amp whatnot i am in the nyc area , enjoy wwe ufc , deep conversations , video games , fishing , going to shows , movies , events \( obviously prior to these times \) , nature amp more feel free to message me if you want to chat !
they all harm other people for being gay , praise homophobic people , especially said gay people should suffer , it 's fucking shitty , man religious is controlling people 's minds \(
chris leave a red field of bodies wherever he goes \?
noteshelf , procreate \( art , i know , but i have it already \) , or goodnotes \? any other apps \?
would this skill combined with cry of the banshee work on people like majin buu from dragonball or bam from seven deadly sins \? what about the op as shit characters from marvel like galactus , or the beyonder living tribunal , the one above all
so if you have dropped in a mod application recently and have n't received a message off me its because you did n't leave a way for me to contact you p so please send me a message u juzzy6
here is meeee \( \)
if harden wins one ring , would you guys rank him all time over dwade or would he need a couple of rings to overtake flash in ur all time rankings \?
one of my best friends is extremely mad at me and to be honest i m not even sure if she views me as a friend at this point i made mistakes and said things i shouldn t have and i just want her to see how sorry i am and that i don t want to lose her any advice or help you would give to me \?
the seven deadly sins have came back to the world , and they were coming after you , until they saw how pathetic your life is so instead they tried to help you they help you try and get your life back on track like pride helps you feel more confident when you go in for a job interview gluttony helps you eat keeps you from starving yourself wrath keeps you from letting people wwalk all over you etc
going live in 3 5 minutes at \( \) come watch , come follow , come subscrib
i have an i7 7700k that s still in good condition i am selling it because i switched to amd since i needed a processor better for multitasking than for gaming i ll sell to any location for 250 shipping
have we been getting very little info on it or am i just in the dark \? i don t want this to die in production
girl on twitter claims to be willing to give me money but just wants this screenshot of my available bank balance but she says no personal info on it
also if anyone can provide me with the most popular events through the year when there usually is a good amount of game release date announcements , i 'd appreciate it
upon discovering he s a covert narcissist , he has been horrible to me without any remorse or guilt he doesn t know that i realize he s covert but i feel he has suspicion he s projecting and constantly telling me to leave i feel stuck right now and it s hard to just get up and leave although whenever i call his bluff and say if i leave i won t come back he ll always either say , i need more time to think , we ll talk more later , i didn t plan this , i won t be okay please if anyone else is going through this , i need support
i always waited to become a nurse i had worked as a nursing assistant and was prepared to become one however ever since this pandemic came about it has made be second guess my decision i m not to the point where i m deathly scared out of my witts loll just really considered and ok i m lying scared about this pandemic i realized that since i m a nurse i would work around diseases and stuff like this and it makes me scared i m in my last year of nursing school and i m just sca
i think it 's their outlook and glass half empty it 's like a self fulfilling prophecy where they keep finding reasons they are n't good enough and soon enough it shows
is it pronounced gif or gif
i'm open ! seeing what 's out there 70 budget but it 's flexibl
i have a rope in my room i can use in my closet i keep it ready to go in case the pain gets too bad i can t go on living like this much longer i can t deal with having no friends , being a hideous adult virgin man with no chsnce of ever getting a relationship , ever i have no chance of landing a career i enjoy or building a meaningful social life i want to hang myself so badly and die i want the girl who rejected me to cry and wish she could accept me so she could save me from dying i want her to suffer for making me want to die i hope she never forgives herself when i neck myself in the near futu
anyone down for rocket league \?
i m losing it and people are starting to notice i need to see you , i have to i m an adult now but i know that we had something did i mess up \? did i do something wrong \? what did i do \? pls , i m starting to panic and it s been so long i don t want to lose you i don t want anyone else whatever i did , i m sorry , really i was a kid , i was immature but i m older now , i m ready we can be good for each other i saw it , you trusted me and i trusted you pleas
you will be able to get to me thats all i care about i cant call u its long distanc
shoot me a message , open to new experiences
1 be respectful 2 no posting anything unrelated to graffiti more rules might be added just keep a look of if you violated these rules 3 times you will be bann
i want to be really good some day ! i'm 16 and want to get a macbook for my birthday but probably a 2014 one because we do n't have a lot of money i used garageband at school for my music gcse but other than that have never played around with any daws what are any basics anyone can tell me please \? how does one produce a song \? what does 'mixing and mastering' mean \? what are 'stems' \? sorry these are such basic questions lol
there was an episode where they had to hold a conversation with a stranger for 30 seconds sal told q his line but it was censored q even refused to say it the episode is season 2 episode 13 does anyone know what sal said \?
there s this new merch from a yt channel that i like and the sweater is 86 and the shipping fee will make it close to 100 so i m having trouble deciding to buy it or not i can afford it though
fit guy \( \) in eatontown looking for a cute girl to hookup with and maybe turn it into a fwb if we re sitting inside we might as well be fucking pm me and let s get to know each oth
my boyfriend went to lady janes last time and it didn t turn out well any suggestions for a decently priced place \?
my drug of choice was cocaine and research chemicals i felt strong , confident , motivated and blissfully content now that i am sober , i realize that i am the complete opposite really scared that i will never be that person without drugs
i \( 16m \) need someone well versed in european american undergraduate courses and more , generally related to scienc
hello i am looking for a friend i have never had a friend irl and people online just leave me the only friend i ever had left me last month and i really miss them i don t have anyone else the only thing i do for fun is play overwatch please , i need someon
on ebay and amazon they are closer to 200 dollars now it you want one in a cool color or limited edition its closer to 300 maybe before covid they were cheaper but they are pricey now unless you want a basic black one that is in rough shape and dirty
it s been a good 2 years but i now think it s time for me to delete my profiles and the apps i used dating apps have been nothing but a non stop hassle of kik bots , catfishers , and creepy gold diggers \( not to mention all the ghosting and strict preferences \) over the years i realized that just because i miss being in a relationship doesn t mean i need to be in one with that being said i m enjoying my single life , i have all the time in world to hang with the boys getting my license spend time with my family , love myself and enjoy my own company
similar \? not as good \? better \?
hi gay bros ! each time i talk with an lgbt person \( gay or lesbian \) and i say that i m bi they block me or say something bad why \?
i have a smite youtube channel that i 'd like to improve for season 4 , so i figured i 'd see what the community likes to see if there 's a specific kind of video you like feel free to post and i 'll make a checklist ! and hopefully other content makers can take note or share what they like to make if you 're interested heres my channel
what i mean is if i setup a date with a girl , but then cancel it the night before and say lets reschedule , do you think that raises interest or no \? what i am trying to go for is that i am busy with other things , and i got other priorities besides you or how about if a girl initiates conversation with me and decides to setup a date would you say flaking then would raise her interest \?
looking to see people hot family members moms , aunts , sisters , cousin idc hmu jono 420
im a very tall \( 1 , 95 m \) and chubby \( 156 kg \) , i have being going to the gym 3 times a week for 3 months now i lost 6 kg already and im feeling very proud of myself i hit my record of hitting 2 minutes , 1 month ago i couldnt run 20 seconds i would love to have more people to talk with , can you give me a hug \? i would love it
on 9 9 2020 at 12 00am est 10 nuclear warheads resulting in a 5km by 5km crater will go off you have 1 hour and 20 minutes to get to your closest warhead shelter all todds must perish
is it childhood friendship or something else \?
been going through many surgeries over the past few years to complete my transition finally got to the point where i was comfortable having sex and man it s a whole new experience \)
finally i got the exotic item till now , i am very disapointed about it its not easy to have trigger pulled for 3 seconds when in fight i admire you all who use this weapon as it seems i will stay with my ar and lmg smg build so what is your experience with this weapon \?
so i'm still a relatively new player to war thunder , about 5 months i started off playing with the german tanks and found them to be quite strong and enjoyable recently i wanted to try out a new nation and so i chose japan i gotta say i'm actually very impressed with the japanese tanks the first few tanks felt pretty bad until i got to the chi ha kai this thing felt so good to use and was quite effective against other players same with the chi he yesterday i unlocked the chi nu and holy crap this thing wrecks other tanks ! does this trend continue with the higher tier japanese tanks and are the premiums like the chi nu 2 and ho ri prototype worth it \?
hello , i'm here asking about what topics do i need learn in the module 5 dba as i'm in ms delange class and the dba is shown in pictures
im 17 male , my boyfriend of one year broke up with me over text then immediately blocked me before i had the chance to reply i dont have anyone to talk to because he isolated me and now im alone i just need someone to talk to please dm me here or instagram \( itsalltherage \)
does it start tomorrow at morning or at midnight \?
met a guy this weekend and i have him the wrong phone number on accident if he decided or decides to text me he won t get a response bc i gave him the wrong number he is super cute and a mutual friend , but i feel like tracking him down to give him my right number seems desperate \? any thoughts or advice the daddygang can give \?
so for the past week , i have n't been able to sign into my psn , it keeps saying this feature is temporarily unavailable please try again later \( ce 41489 6 \) i 've tried contacting playstation support but they 've been as useful as a rock , can anyone help me \?
thank y all in advanc
all i remember is this amp x200b a father figure \( either the actual dad or close \) needs to talk to his daughter younger lady at the time she is a prostitute escort so the only way for him to reach her is by booking an appointment to meet her in a motel hotel room when she arrives hes sitting on a chair looking the opposite direction to her and he tells her to put some clothes on amp x200b im sorry , but this is all i have to go on just now amp x200b its something thats come out this yea
hello i started at the end of february at 269lb , i'm currently 204lb and i'm becoming more and more worried about excess skin i 've always been fat , i have no idea what i 'll look like at my goal weight i do n't want excess skin , i'm 26 and i want to be able to wear bikinis and stuff one day is there anything i can do to reduce the risk \?
or as i call it the fuckboy girl rat rac
i'm interested in taking a photography class but i'm worried it might be out of my reach for a few reasons 1 buying your own camera i might not be able to buy one cameras alone are expensive 2 going to places to take a picture i have social anxiety and i 'd hate to do things that trigger that anxiety i already have to face it by going to class alone 3 what kind of projects , if any , will there be \? 4 how does this class run \? what can i expect \? please shed me some light thank you
for me it 's joyce i did n't even finish ulysses and i was supposed to read it as part of my college course dubliners was okay at best the only thing of his that i actually find mildly enjoyable are his dirty love letters
\( flagging as serious only bc i know there s gonna be a lot of australia jokes \) yesterday i was trimming the royal palace mowed the lawn with a safety razor because it s easy and flat , and got through it pretty easily then i swapped to the electric razor for a close buzz on the crown jewels the queen s throne i was doing this standing in the shower , and all of the sudden my legs get real shaky , like about to collapse i was wondering if this was because i was afraid due to the fact that i already nicked myself previously \( in previous attempts , didn t nick myself this time \) , because i was standing for so long in an awkward position , or what
i love kong , but logically , in his own movie , he got saved many times by humans and even nearly taken down by one godzilla seemed neigh on unstoppable i dont see how they can fight and it be remotely competitive \?
i have a ciss printer at home but i find it hassle to bring it to my dorm because it needs repair sometimes , heavy , takes up space , and leakage of ink is it better to print in computer shops \? or is it better to bring my printer in my dorm to save more money \? also , do professors require a lot of paperwork in first year \?
i m trying to boost my gpa so if anyone knows any section c class that i could take to do that then that would be lovely
after driving m f in the sf bay area for 8 hours day i made 428 91 , i still have a couple hours left today i also probably have the corona virus
even though there 's about a 0 chance that she actually likes 
hey ! i m cameron nice to meet you ! decided to try this again hoping i can get one good conversation \) after that title your obligated to get to know me ! i m a college student from the eastern us looking to get so know someone else with a good sense of humor ! honestly i thought it would be fun to try something different to give you a detailed idea of me so here ya go ! l presentation ! \( ctv7utfwxpieicuyaa2uk8tpv7p0kbgc lvvs \) i d love someone i can get to know , facetime , and chat throughout the day ! if it made you laugh shoot me a pm \)
best all round mech build order for 2020 \? im fairly new
i m fairly new to using nl2 but understand how to do the majority of things however when i create an rmc i have a few issues first being supports , how can i support the coaster and freeze it whilst keeping custom trains on the track \? whenever i do anything and freeze my coaster the trains don t bind to the track instead the rocket coaster trains are present also what is the best way to create a custom zero car to import in game \?
i got this phone and honestly i need quick cash so i got to sell it it 's like mint condition i got the box and everything i like got it i think 2 months ago from freedom i selling for 500 or best offer thanks
i ve gotten a couple of messages where guys will attach photos and videos of themselves cumming to my photos , and it is the hottest thing i always enjoyed the idea of guys masturbating to my photos but i ve never gotten actual proof and i think it s made me realize i may have a cum fetish needless to say i just spent the last fifteen minutes playing with my pussy to the thought of men cumming on 
i ca n't remember when it has snowed so much , yards and yards of lacy ribbons , wrapping the world in white was it three years ago \? ten \? memory is a tenuous thing , like a rainbow 's end or a camera with a failing lens sometimes my focus is sharp , every detail clear as the splashes of ice , fringing the eaves other times it is a hazy field of frost , like the meadow outside my window i think it might be a meadow a lawn \? a parking lot \? is it even a window i'm looking through , or only cloudy panes of vision , opening on drifts of ivory linens soft cotton , crisp percale my snow just a blizzard of white noise \?
anyone else with the same mouse experiencing the same problem \? when i flick \( 180 360 \) extremely fast , the cursor spins out and jitters mid way through
i just started 3 weeks ago it was a long road to get this position so my savings were drained today bm texts me saying i m let go immediately because her company is being restructured was told not to bother coming in tomorrow i have just enough to pay my rent for december but my fianc doesn t work and my other job i only make 700 a month no fucking notice , not even a heads up and it was over text she couldn t even give me the courtesy of a phone call
i m very very anxious and struggling with self harm for the first time in years i feel so crazy and i m sca
looking for off campus apartment within walking distance to the campus if you know any open places or looking for roommate \( female \) please let me know edit i m planning to drop on campus housing
you ca n't slip into a backdoor at fort knox and you ca n't slip into a backdoor at area 51 , but you can slip into the backdoor of the latest greatest security system firewall
my feet are cold , i ca n't stop rocking myself back and forth , i feel very nervous , i'm shaking , i feel like my throat is dry and everything i 've ever believed is shattering today i found out the truth , or , a possible truth of humanity utility some people were born to dominate , or to use others , and some , like me , were born to be dominated or to be used the realization yesterday was so strong that i relapsed in self harm everything makes sense now , how i 've always been used and then discarded i'm a broken tool i served my purpouse , and now that i'm not needed anymore , i was forgotten fuck it 's just too much to bear or digest
are your sexy feet tired of being ignored \? you spend all this money on pedicures and everyone simply ignores your beautiful feet cowards they simply do not know that your feet need affection and care this is where i come in let me suck every single one of your sexy toes very slowly \( w eye contact if desired \) , lick and smell your sexy soles , compliment your feet , and let you smother your feet all over my face if you re feeling generous , we can add in footjob and i can cum all over your feet to show you how special they really are alittle about me latino 23 5 4 skinny build message me if interested ideally your in between the ages of 21 41 and have beautiful feet that require much needed attention
would be down to play with someone either arcade or causal , i main heal
the show has a very generic name , we wanted to get a couple episodes out fast so we have n't fully decided on a name and i want to believe in is just a placeholder for the moment i will link to the new reddit when we 've decided on a na
i'm a very introverted person and have a hard time telling my feelings , emotions and thoughts scary , edgy , hilarious , weird , dark , all kinds of thoughts ! be around 16 22
what will happen if i open cursed chest and just leave room to another \?
just a quick note i'm not hating on lifeline mains at all , lifeline is a pretty good and useful character though often i see people who play her completely disregard downed teammates , for example there was one game where we were in a firefight and we had the upper hand , a teammate gets knocked down so i started covering the downed teammate so my other teammate who 's playing lifeline could revive them and its this season where her healing got buffed , that saying the lifeline could have healed them so they can get back in the fight , but instead they decided to take the attacking team head on , and hence i had to revive the downed teammate and it resulted in me getting knocked down too because they rushed us
there 's a reason why people say only 1 of people truly succeed on this earth the ones who can fight for months , even for years just know you will win , because not once , not once , have you edged or relapsed and thought to yourself , oh that 's a good idea but those times when you wake up in the morning and realize you have n't relapsed after fighting an urge for so long , those are the crazy victories man ! you will win no good lucks , luck doesn't work keep fighting kings ! because just know this , you will win , but only if you hold the fuck on !
i want to have a girlfriend while being a sexual slave to one of my female friend , and then my girlfriend and my female friend and me are chilling one day and my female friend knows that i m her sexual slave when my girlfriend isn t around but she doesn t say it and me , my girlfriend , and my female friend is just chilling while my girlfriend doesn t know that when she s not around i am that female friends sexual slave oh wonderful sexual life !
honestly , it feels like a lot of you do n't want to feel good way too many posts are taking images and other media way too seriously i understand how stupid those posts are about how hiking is the only medicine you need \( like come on \) , but others are just being lighthearted and you hate on it for no reason
as a male in the height of social media and dating apps it 's difficult not to feel unloved , it 's difficult not to feel unwanted , it 's difficult not to feel invisible , it 's difficult not to feel insignificant you 're just another message you 're just another like you 're just another male in the sea of thousands of other males chances are , that you mean very little or nothing to most girls why would you mean anything when the the average girl receives messages , comments , views , likes , matches , compliments by the ship load you 're just another insignificant guy taking his shot and like most you 're not going anywhere with h
just a younger guy here looking for older women who want to chat not necessarily sexual either it really gets me going to just get and give attention to older women so just getting to chat would make my day !
so i 'll be down there in may and would like to make contact with a university any will do i want to connect my universities engineers without boarders chapter with a latin american affiliate and might as well while i'm down there anything helps thanks
go to any male dominated sub like r gaming , most of the users are single go to any female dominated sub like r skincareaddiction , you 'll see the word boyfriend and husband thrown around everywhere dating subs are filled with single men t
since my relapse , it 's been 4 days and i gotta say i discovered my relapse weakness i 've found that for me , and urge is so much stronger when i'm just laying in bed during the day so , when i'm at my pc , there are n't really urges because i'm either playing or watching something or doing some schoolwork while sitting straight and i'm giving all my focus to that today i 've been feeling a bit energy low but i guess that 's just withdrawal symptoms i just did my exercise and yoga and i feel amazing \) we 're gonna get through this quarantine , and emerge as new people \) thanks for this community
i posted here once and had people suggest me some builds , and off of that , i tried to make one i thought worked best for me since i am pretty close to buying all the parts now i figured maybe i 'd post here again just to make sure i did an ok job and if i was overspending on anything if you have any revisions i ask only that you try to keep the white and black look here is my part list this is the old post i ma
help me i have just under 5k points with 2k expires soon i ca n't use my points prior to expiration even the pay to win stuff has nothing i been loyal to samsung and want to use my points can i get an extention or is samsung rewards useless help
this will probably sound very weird there s one man in my town , i usually see him at various local events we are friends on facebook and he writes amazing comments about topics i m also interested in he is slightly older than me , doesn t have a wife or girlfriend but is quite popular and has a lot friends i started catching myself thinking about him a lot i am embarrassed for that and tried not to do that but lately i just do that more than ever a few times i wanted to say something but that would look creepy because he doesn t even know who i am and usually he is with friends anyways so i have never done that i would like not to have such thoughts but i can t do anything what should i do \?
just got my air method let s from dtr i know in the website he uses the provided wrap is the wrap necessary \? can i just go without it , or will that have some effect i don t know \? also any detailed instructions on how to use this thing without wrap would be appreciated let me know , thanks guys !
cloverfield on ground 10 cloverfield lane underground cloverfield station in the air \( space \) now we just need a movie on the ocean
hello i had an idea for a new short lived campaign to make it with regular d amp d rules but everything in the world is switched out with food , the world they play in is the literal kitchen and they are snack sized chocolate bars struggling to survive in the magical world of the kitchen come to life yes i did just watch sausage party thoughts \?
i am look in particular for building footprints , parcels boundaries , roads and blocks in dwg format i would also love a 3d model of the city , possibly in a format that works for sketchup i have downloaded the public info available here but the problem is that arcgis , the software required to view the files is only allowing free trials and new subscriptions for covid responders i wanted to remastered my college thesis and considering the climate we are in , i can t see arcgis becoming available anytime soon i have already searched the dade gov website for as much data as possibl
im up for some apex legends games if any wants to play
stuff like hair products , sanitary towels etc , will they get taken away \? if so what happens \?
listen on apple podcasts \( anxious thoughts stress guided mindfulness id1493806566 \? i 1000470453544 \) listen on google podcasts \( \) listen on spotify \( \) other ways to listen \( donaghy episodes dealing with anxious thoughts and stress with guided mindfulness meditation ecbptp \)
this is in no way promotion , considering the amount of hate i'm getting amp x200b lc z22tw1qjdsb4j54pj04t1aokgi35sq5h2alcmlq00xvibk0h00410 \( lc z22tw1qjdsb4j54pj04t1aokgi35sq5h2alcmlq00xvibk0h00410 \) amp x200b do you guys honestly think it 's sped up as well \? i used the photo editor in windows \( which allows you to edit videos , but only cutting certain parts \) everyone 's saying it 's sped up
i was broken up with 3 months ago and life has been difficult and awful in 2020 for everyone else too to say the least
so i'm not sure if this the right subreddit but i thought you guys would know best ! and if not please let me know ! one of my closest friends who has struggled with addiction and overall really harmful coping mechanisms , recently confessed to me that he is in love with me , problem is i do n't see him that way he also said that i'm the only reason he 's been sober for almost 2 years quite frankly , i do n't know how to feel , i do n't want to lead him on , but i also do n't want to hurt him and be the reason he breaks his sobriety ! how do i tell him i do n't love him without him relapsing or just without hurting him \? what would you guys have wanted to hear \?
is it true that hair dye causes breast cancer and other types of cancer as well \?
at home with the lights off in a dirty room currently wanting to di
hi covid made me loose touch with my friends so feeling really lonely now would be lovely to make new connections speak to new people anyone can message i m always friendly \)
i have skype and a mic i'm new to roll20 but ive played a decent amount of dnd i'm available friday and saturday 12pm est to 2am est and wednesday 12pm est till 11p
just as the title says i'm bored af i'm 28 in canada just wanna meet chill ppl with similar outlook
why do i have to be put through all this fuck life fuck earth fuck humanity fuck i just hate everything all i wanna do is just die now i ca n't think of anything else i just hate everything kill me please put me down end my suffering i hate this help
i just took emergency seroquel i'm trying to do relaxing activities i'm trying to stare at an object for like a minute or two and just focus on the object i'm trying to breathe deep i'm trying to not do too many tasks i'm following an emergency \( if i get in an episode \) money saving plan so i do n't spend i'm going to sleep as soon as i calm down enough , hopefully soon what do you do \?
\( \) message me here or on discord \( tsar 1303 \) for more information and to purchase includes hearts of iron 4 base europa universalis 4 base , stelaris \( utopia , synthetic dawn , horizon signal plantoids special pack \) , march of the eagles , victoria 2 \( hearts of darkness , a house divided \) tropico 5 , superpower 2 , south park fractured but whole , snow daze \( hentai game \) prison architect , papers please , lucius , hatred , crusader kings 2 \( sons of abraham , the reapers due , monks and mystics , ruler design , way of life , sword of islam \) angry video game nerd 1 2 , and 911 operat
this was full of so many emotions i was happy crying , sad crying dr park is leaving dr melendes died dr lim and dr brown are going to become good friends dr shaun murphy and lea are a couple i kind of wished dr glassman died but i feel like he 'll die next season
i realize how much money you can save plenty of stores and restaurants throw away boxes i wo n't take it if its dirty but ill go through some in their trash bin outside sometimes people leave opened envelopes to at the post office and i take those its nice to get a free box or envelope instead of paying 5 for on
hello , it s 3 30 am here and i can t sleep so if you want to voice chat it will be great , we can talk about anything actually , message me your discord if you are interested \)
my poor chippies ! i do hope they get better someday soon !
do you want to make a small game or something else in java with me \? i can teach give it a go we can get to know each other through it i'm always online and now even more so i 'll randomly send you fun things i find on the internet too i'm into sharing music my taste varies electrical , not edm but the nice stuff to pink floyd it 's all over the place i have nice headphones for it
i know theres a lot of posts asking this same question but the only question i have is this how do people get off while humping air in a private lobby with no body connection and no sensors that make you climax \? can someone explain this to me as i am not a vrchat person i just spend money on gifting subs to streamers
it s great because some people come up to me and start jamming to my music hahaha
i recently created a subreddit dedicated to codm clans feel free to post about whether you re looking for a clan or promoting one ! checkout r codmclanz
i would love to be with an older woman to teach me new things
i was recently thinking about this it was only me and this other boy could anyone think of an explanation as to why this happened \? was there some sort of protocol they were following \?
my name is jessie and i m a mom to 4 cats i love creating world of warcraft art , roleplaying , spending time with my cats and playing video games right now the only games i play are world of warcraft , animal crossing pocket camp and mario kart tour i m looking for a long term friend who has similar interests i prefer someone who s not married and has no kids message me and tell me a little about yourself i won t respond to hey or small talk
so , my mother and i are clueless on this she 's actually my grandmother she 's already in her mid 70 's and she does n't have a last will her health is slowly failing and i want us to get everything set legally with her last will and cremation however , i have no idea how to do this i was raised by her she 's an old school mexican with very little education on a lot so i 've been learning many things on my own as i 've gotten older i live in los angeles
my initial thought was to post asking if there s going to be more maps eventually however though , does anyone else want more maps \?
i am still in secondary school in ireland but would really like to move to the usa and work after college how can i do this \?
if you like this post message me the secret word , rise for access to the secret mastermind group make sure you are sub to r crimsonpill \( \) a reflection based on many of the people i run into these subreddits i have friends who play professional video games and love it ! they are living happy lives and see nothing wrong with playing video games 24 7 what truly is wrong is judging people for their life choices let them do what fills their lives
hey , 36m here thought it would be cool to hit some clubs or bars or something and try to fail or just open some chats with girls tonight nothing too intimidating just have fun and do some charm let know if interested been going out on my own sometimes , but want to open some doors
i hate how i ca n't talk to people \? \? i'm too anxious to ever text first i love meeting new people but i ca n't talk to people first and i hate it why ca n't i just text someone , without having to worry , or freak out \? like wtf brain and body just do it ! just send the text or post the comment \? ugh idk what to do anyone got any ideas \?
ive seen the other thread with galax thread in this subreddit but im still hesistant as it is so cheap compared to evga , gigabyte , asus and so forth and i feel like im getting cheated cause im used to the high prices of the nvidia gpu i just wanna ask this cause i am planning to buy my gpus on them now since i can save a ton of money down the roa
i feel like most people here aren t but i don t have anywhere else to turn so hopefully i ll make some good friends so anyway as you know i m 17 but i m also a bit of a nerd and if you just think of nerdy stereotypes that s me that s not all of me though as i d like to say that i m quite thoughtful and hopefully likeable but i guess you ll be the judge of that
i m really poor , and i ve been out of moisturizer now for a few months and my face is so dry i can t put off not buying anymore in the meantime i ve been using almond oil but it s not helping with my dry skin much i m looking for a vegan cf moisturizer that s 10 or less , as that s all i can afford to spend right now preferably something i can pick up at walmart or somewhere and not have to order onlin
i'm so anxious already , and added anxiousness to get in trouble had to sign something , because an item did n't get rang up but was on the registers camera , so fuck me \( did n't see , thought i scanned already , etc \) anyway , so my borderline ass is about to jump off a bridge \( metaphorically but wanting to \) so wish me luck guys , manager told me it happened in a different store , with alcohol and the cashier got arrested so please kill me now , because holy fuck am i so anxious and wanting to disappea
messages throughout the day i love to talk preferably in chat , but also vc i just like conversations wo n't send a pic on reddit , nor will i send it as soon as we start chatting \( i will after some conversation \) i like people with a more cynical humor just chill with me thanks message me about whatever you wanna and we 'll probably be good just be around my age , and not super uptight , and from the usa canada preferably
i am on furlough due to the virus and am a receptionist how was your experience working and is it worth \? also have worked at in n out so i would be used to the fast paced environment
my dad has a lego 4559 from 1996 this particular set was purchased in saudi arabia , so it came with a european plug which takes 220v he has moved back home to the usa and here the voltage in the walls is 110v the wall wart takes in 220v and outputs 10v 7va what is the cheapest way to replace this power adapter for one that will work here in the usa \? any help would be appreciated thanks
i know greyson wanted the i'm not fucking leaving , frtom wolf of wall street as a spider man meme no credit to me all credit goes to raichucooper at the marvel studios reddit
is there any way i can have more fps on my potato pc i can maximum 30 fps
i feel bored everyday , everywhere when i find something that i enjoy , i abuse of it and it become boring anyone got some tips for stop acting like that \? or it 's just normal and i do n't have to worry \( i do n't like to go outside and my ''friends'' are n't my my town \) thanks
hey guys i 've been on prozac for a few months now and have noticed i get lots of brain zaps while drifting off to sleep i do n't really get them any other time i read about these being linked to discontinued use of the drug but i'm getting them while using it i'm on 20mg
good mythical morning it s 4 42 am in the golden state today and i can t sleep \) is there anyone who d like to chat with me until i pass out \? i ve got retail horror stories no \? maybe not \? my favorite show is breaking bad , hands down , nothing can top it as you can imagine i m into action movies i love those i m a pretty lonely guy sometimes , i just work and come home for the most part oh and i run errands too so i can tell you about that
as a warriors fan you really want him out there and if you 're a raptors fan you 're hoping he does n't
my girlfriend is very sweet , but when she gets mad she can be the most cutting person you ve ever met she recently started her period , and lashed out at me for no reason i was hurt by it , which she recognized and told me when i m on my period i get really bitchy , it s just something people have to deal with is this fair \? i personally don t think it is , but i ve never experienced the mood swings and whatnot of a peri
hi all , i'm trying to detect items flowing through a hopper , i found the following circuit xxxw \( xxxw \) amp x200b the issue is that i do n't have enough space to use this one , anyone that may be able to help me compact this down to a one block white detector \? or make it work for two hoppers \? \( see printscreens \) amp x200b original circuit format png amp auto webp amp s 4d5d7839d2a0078816a27ce567f9b2f55d47d254 needs to work with this setup format png amp auto webp amp s 9e09ea86e614e983fcaabbae9560713e6cae7af9 all credits to the youtub
i kept talking to her , i tried so hard despite all of her little signs of complete disinterest and lack of respect i took her out on weekly outings things were improving just last friday she said she wasnt sure about us , in an open and conversational way , out of yes no or not sure and here i am today with her now together with one of my closer friends from before the break up who i spent nearly every other day doing something with life is rough
so ive been talking to this guys for a couple of days and its really great but i do wonder when is the right time to tell a guy \( potential partner \) that i have herpes \?
i was wondering why nothing was getting synced between my android brave and my desktop one till i discovered it auto disables sync in the settings i tried enabling it and re enabling , but it resets every time i relaunch brave i have disabled all extensions to isolate the problem , but it does n't seem to be caused by an extension
just had a game where my enemy laner kept spamming laugh after he won a fight he did it throughout the game ca n't do much other than bite my tongue cause i'm playing on switch anyway we ended up winning and i spammed laugh whenever we won late game and after defeating the titan i do n't like acting like a poor winner and feeling toxic but that guy deserved it idk bout the rest of his team why ca n't people just agree it 's unsportsmanlik
i have a mild form of autism and it effects the way i m performing in school i have so much trouble on the math in this grade because i just can t understand what to do exactly ! i do better in school when i m actually interested or like the subject matter but for all of the subjects i m not interested at all and it makes me feel like my grades are getting worse history is in a time period i don t care for and the math is hard to understand because if this i m constantly say dreaming in class and after i have no idea what to do ! it s so annoying and harmful and i just can t stop or fix it ! i don t know what to fucking do at all ! ! !
i just had a ct today they took one of my colon stomach and only found a lipoma \( benign polyp \) i had a colonoscopy done in december and i had a lipoma then \( not sure if it was the same one and they didn t take it out \) but has anyone ever had one before i m kinda nervous ! i haven t been diagnosed with chrons or anything yet i don t know if i have anything but i ve just been having some rectal bright red bleeding the past 3 years off and on suspected fissure but doctor didn t find anything so i was having stomach and mid lower back pain the past week had this ct done today and that s what they found and everything else was fin
i 've had some arguments and disagreements with my best friend , and today she told me that she does n't want to be friends anymore it 's hurt me tremendously , but i responded by telling her that i'm still her friend and i always will be and i 'll always love and care about her my question is is this the christ like response \? i think it is , but i just want to get some other opinions i'm not trying to force her to be my friend , but i want her to know that i 'll always be her friend and that the door is still open any thoughts or advice would be appreciat
i want to start roaming more and i want to buy a fresh operator that s dedicated to roaming i don t really like the obvious choices like caveira so i m wondering if vigil is any good now my problem with vigil is his gadget is absolutely useless i think his guns look quite good tho should i buy vigil \?
it 's so stupid i think that i can get over this addiction broke yet another clean streak and i ca n't even say i'm disappointed because it really does n't surprise me at this point jusst feels like i will continually be in this loop and i'm just a piece of shit lol
fuck y'all i'm an actual mod now proof look at the about tab on r oculus
upon moving to israel in 2013 and starting a life , i was told many times not to go into the west bank according to most , i 'd be basically walking into a death trap at the time , i believed in strictly experiencing things for myself and not taking anyone 's word for it i'm interviewed here \( that this episodes episode 27 adventures in palestine ej3fvq \) about my brushes with danger and my eye opening experiences
i'm mainly looking for friends i can text on a regular basis and maybe watch movies or play games with here 's my presentation \( lm2 qjvjferentonndlbfponsbwhk edit \? usp sharing \) send me a request on discord or here and we can get to know each oth
if i leave a powdered dried herb in apple cider vinegar for two weeks , then run it through a coffee strainer and leave the liquids to evaporate will i have the oils of the dried herb on the bottom \? i want to make a kanna , kava , perhaps even kratom extract and smoke it or drink it i ca n't really use alcohol because it is n't cheap so i'm asking if this is safe and if it works t
what color should i go for watercooling the dark base 900 pro dark base 900 pro silver blue pastel fluid or white pastel fluid dark base 900 pro orange orange pastel fluid edit feel free to suggest your own colors just make sure to include the color of the cas
they 're all extremely hard to shop for and i do n't have any money anyway i 've bought things for them in previous years and the stuff i got for them last year is literally just sitting around forgotten about the pressure of buying people stuff for christmas just seems overrated and kind of useless most of the time it 's not even something they need personally i do n't want or need anything this christmas and i wish we could all just agree not to get each other anything but i would feel bad if i did n't get them anything i hate this feeling of obligation
i have tried to get out of this situation since i was 17 i know what fun it is , because last summer my brother brought me along to a party since he felt bad over me being alone \( just that time for some reason but i appreciate it nonetheless \) it was so nice to talk to people , eat good food , drink beer wine and just do dumb funny stuff this is the only time i have done it , yet normal people like my brother do it at least every week ! i have had literally no friends since age 16 , and i have never except that one time been invited to a party , never went out with friends i do n't know what to do i 've tried hitting up old friends and co workers but no one likes 
lizzy jinx first come first s
hi my name s tia ! i m from mississippi and i m 17 years old get to know me ! interests music art literature movies hobbies gardening cooking painting model trains exercise writing i m also in the army national guard as a diver i m looking for a girl or a guy who s the same age or older than me \( 17 24 \) i would prefer someone from in or around mississippi i ve been lonely for a while now and i m ready to commit myself to someone who s serious about the future and someone i can be myself with message me or comment below , can t wait to meet you !
would any of you ladies like to join my sub \? i thought it was about time that we had a place to meet folks it s called r uglyydating i m sorry if you re offended by the name , but it s for us and only us
it 's september so it 's technically already halloween i wanna play with some scary mods but i am having troubles finding some really good ones any help is appreciated , thanks
i summarize the situation , show both sides of the argument , and present a case for why britain should leave free britain
she s taking me takeaway \( extra cheese chicken and mushroom pizza with cheesy fries \) because i can t go get one , she also supports me with everything and has even found me a tv , microwave , kettle and desk for the room i got \)
length wise dr martens are perfectly ok , except they are too loose for the rest of my feet i ve tried tightening it by pulling on the lace , but it was quite hard is it worth it to buy the shoe and thicker socks \? \? or should i give up haha thanks for the help
why is music so powerful in regards to inducing emotions , manipulating moods , etc \? i'm not even referring to bands or songs with lyrics i love movie scores \( not may other people i know do though or actively purchase them \) but the music is obviously a necessity because most movies have them is it related to vibrations or frequencies \? i 'd love to hear some people 's theories thoughts on this
so , i want to go into cs , but i'm worried about prestige does it really matter what school you go to for computer science \? i'm generally good at working hard , but i'm worried that not going to a top school would ruin me i do n't have any aspirations for working for like faang , although that would be nice , and i'm not really looking to start a business right out of college i guess i'm looking for validation , but i'm also really stressed and looking for answers any advice is appreciated ! \( i guess i also have questions in the broader sense does where you go matter \? for what degree does it matter \? \)
is there a way to edit your online characters appearance such as scars afterward \? or do you have to create an entirely new character \?
i feel even wors
my name is anthony wall an independent fighter who 's trainer father died \( \)
i feel like my fp just feels sorry for me and does n't care or even want to be in my life anymore i even wonder if my parents even like me because if how hard i can be to tolerate between the constant self hatred , wanting to die , anger and bitterness , and the manipulative behaviors i have i do n't like being this way and i hate the fact that i'm a huge emotional burden on everyone i meet i feel like people only tolerate me because they feel sorry for me because i'm so alone anyone else \?
for anyone interested in marketing themselves as a musician how do you feel about saving songs to only put on your bandcamp or wherever you offer your music \? or do you think putting it all on soundcloud is a good idea \? wondering cause i 've seen some electronic musicians that think soundcloud is a bad deal for musicians aside for of course the exposure which i like for sure but you 'll never get a penny off your music from soundcloud i 've heard some musicians say they like posting teasers of tracks from their albums on there anyone have thoughts on this \? thanks
i 've still got a little while before i have to go to work , bite and wanting to mess around with someone i'm into hung dudes , muscular guys , and bears , but you know that might be asking for much anyways , if you 're in the mood to mess around message reyago on kik
these things make literally no sense to me why do you people keep doing them , if you get the same people sending you the same crap every time you post tell me something on your snapchat story almost every week and expect different results girls get like 20 replies , all of them being things like you have a nice butt or lemme tap that guys usually will get about 10 15 replies , they all are either inside jokes or are you seeing anyone \? you re so cute ! ! ! i ve tried these out , and literally gotten two replies each time , and it seems like the same people each time it s either let me fill your crevices or get on minecraft fa got
i smiled and looked down but my dog was not th
i 've bought the rohto hadalabo gokujun premium hyaluronic cream but i'm not sure how to incorporate into my routine does it replace my moisturiser or do i finish my routine with it \?
does anyone know what are the chances of gettinf a legendary in the special pack \?
not this next season but 2020 and beyond i know they 'll still be good but i dont know if they be able go on avalanches and run teams off the floor anymore i'm hoping we somehow go back to the pre kd era but the league is so much better now not sure if we 'll make teams look silly anymore hopefully bob myers has more tricks up his sleeve in the near future to keep us competiti
hey everyone , sorry if this question is frequently asked but what 's the best razer keyboard that i can get for gaming since it 's the only brand available in my town \? thanks in advanc
so i finished up for the elite got the in game cars and driver outfits but no achievement \? is the achievement bugged \?
my dad 's mistress finally died last night i see my mom rejoicing with happiness but in the back of my head my instincts are telling me that my dad has a love child with this woman i feel like the battle is n't over i just want it to end i want my normal life back
tjfucksthings came up with the manatee thing at least a year before tj did , only instead of a manatee he compared brett keane to a walrus apparently tjfucksthings is so retarded he does n't know the difference between a manatee and a walrus even a third grader would know that therefore i submit my thesis that tjfucksthings has downs syndrome i will investigste his mental health further and come back with a research paper on it
i'm looking to buy a converter for my straight headtube to fit a tapered fork how do i measure to find out which converter kit i need \?
i have been trying to feed dubia roaches but cup feeding them they don t move much and i m not sure how many he is eating in a cup best way to feed chameleon dubias or any feeder \?
i need xanax to be chilled out at home , i need weed to have something to do with friends , i need alcohol to make whatever i'm doing entertaining and the social aspect , i need molly and coke to be social , i use lsd to learn about myself but it seems as though there 's no other alternative a life without drugs just does n't seem like much of a life at all
im severely delayed and it has ruined my mental health take sme forever to generate a thought and most of the time im just talking ti myself dont let thsi be you not shitposting
i ve had it for like 2 years but i don t want it any
i 've kidnaped and sacrificed to the satan 4 kids and 1 adult , but only adult counted to the kill list am i doing something wrong , or paradox think , that child murderers are not cool enough to be considered ruthless killers \?
heyer heyer hello i really dont expect to find anyone here because im very picky and hard to connect with also an aspie , but i thought id try again im really into a lot of experimental music and art and all kinds pf wacky surreal and morbid stuf and u can learn a bit more about me if you check my profile my favorite artist is bonnie baxter also machine girl is prrtty coolll , i also like collecting tokusatsu figs and shit pretty weeby please tell me about yourself in your messag
nobody knows exactly how many people are in the na region but i can tell you from experience that it 's impossible to find ranked matches in solo , and for most of the day squads why not bring back duos for tpp and simply apply the ranked leaderboard and ruleset to fpp \? maybe even have a mini royale battle royale option separating the small maps from the bigger ones \? dear p corp , you have all the stats , you predicted this was n't going to work , just go with it and give us healthy amount of queues in na nothing is working
i am really desperately looking for some place where they do affordable hair systems and their styling please let me know if you know of any , i 'd be very grateful
i just got the battle pass today and i'm trying it get to tier 100 before the season ends dunno if that 's even possible , but if anyone could help out i 'd appreciate it i'm already at tier 52 so i'm pretty much half way there ! my username is reyag
looking at the prospects here for a civil engineering job however since uk is highly developed and there 's less construction going on , is it wise for me to settle here and work once i finish my degree \? what are the salaries like , especially civil \?
i appreciate that our pastor sent a message to us reminding us the coronavirus is an opportunity to better empathize with many in the world who cannot meet publicly , ever , for religious gatherings many are persecuted for their faith they said a lot of other things but that one is what i am praying about right now
there is an imposter glitch and everyone is doing it in lobbies now , it 's so unfair because i never get imposter anymore , can we please get this fix
where did the name karen come from \?
there are some animals like lobsters that have more than 4 limbs but i think most species have 4 limbs why is this \? why did most animal species end up with 4 limbs \?
hello world , this place looks laid back and fun not good at introductions in the slightest so feel free to ama i guess
which stanley is better \? this one includes pretzel day stanley ca n't leave that one out vote button poll options current vote count vote \( \) florida stanley 0 votes vote \( \) company picnic stanley 0 votes instructions click vote to register your vote note vote count in this post will be updated real time with new data make your own poll here redditpoll com \( \) see live vote count here \( stanley is better 1 \)
lelouch vi britannia \( code geass \) zack foster \( angels of death \) izaya orihara \( durarara ! ! \) seto kaiba \( ygo ! \) joey wheeler \( ygo ! \) aster phoenix \( ygo ! gx \) chazz princeton \( ygo ! gx \) zane truesdale \( ygo ! gx \) kalin kessler \( ygo ! 5 d s \) yuya sakai \( ygo ! arc v \) hei \( darker than black \) light yagami \( death note \) hak \( yona of the dawn \)
the title says it all ! i'm exhausted hopefully , we can be friends after talking , too ! if i do n't respond to you tonight , i apologize in advance i probably fell asleep if you 're interested , just send me a message wherever !
sorry if the question sounds vague or confusing i'm wondering if , after years of experience and a large portfolio of beautiful , detailed works , are you now capable of consistently churning out nice looking sketches of the wild things your imagination conjures up in your idle daydreams \? if your only goal was to make some simple drawings of a character , or a landscape , could you just casually do it without worry of messing up too bad , or making something totally off base from what you were picturing \? by nice looking , i do n't mean super detailed or highly rendered , but just pleasing to look at clean and accurate to your intention , i suppos
any white guys out there if i was pregnant would you watch me give birth would you tell me to push your baby out of my pussy would you watch our baby come out of my pussy and watch my pussy spread open as i push would you let my water break on you would you help me deliver the baby as i m breathing hard and panting like crazy would you tell me push ! push ! any white guys think this post is for them if so message me or dm 
hi there ! we , the team at www zenful io \( \) , are looking to set up some 45 60 minute paid user interviews to help us with user testing as we look to build a product related to music consumption and emotions amp x200b if you 're interested in testing please fill out this google form \( \) and we 'll get back to you very shortly amp x200b thanks ! !
soo before errl was made legal , i used to be able to gets gs for 45 50 , of some dank clean shatter , and now everyone wants 60 like seriously why the hell is it going up \? if az is getting more on their game , prices should come down but instead we got these greedy extractors wanting more total bs
i never really change my settings as they are perfect for me and my aim assist is on 100 all the time , as on xbox i am just aiming with two sticks now aim assist just feels quite non existent , with barely any stick i'm also on linear has aim assist been nerfed \? and how does the situation look right now , is it too strong for some or is it too weak , and should there be something done to it \?
your name is being called , people cheer , you get a diploma and go honestly i do n't want to go to mine especially when i have trouble going up in front of crowds and i do n't have friends because they all hate me now lma
for me its iron man and groot or spider man and groot
i 'll draw anything for 5 , keep in mind that i am not that good of an artist , but i 'll give it my best
i was here last september , i remmember being super proud of myself for going 28 days without fapping i lost control of myself then and after that i never went for more than 5 days without fapping i feel a lot of lonely because i do n't talk a lot to my family i am very distant from them and always angry towards them friends i have made a lot in one year and also proposed to 2 girls in the meantime \( both of them said no , lol \) so there is this one girl that i keep fantascizing about and porn an
when season 5 gets here , we need to make a lot of noise and keep to the live schedule no dvr it 's live ratings they care about so let 's do our effort in experiencing this fateful conclusion to an amazing show
which character do you think suits our personality type \? amp x200b i think samwell tarly and jon snow would fit in the description of an infp
for me i 'd say peanut
hey ! i'm a writer and editor living on the coast i love meeting new people and hearing their stories \( and maybe making a few friends \? \) i'm not not great with intros but i really want to meet new friends would you aend me a message with your best story about your life , that you 've heard , or whatever you want ! i 'd love to hear it also my name is chris and i'm 26 years ol
i m seb i m a 17 year old guy from the uk and recently covid times have been getting to me and making me feel slightly lonely and all i play a lot of games on pc and i m a musician too ! if anyone wants a chat please feel free to , really in need of some new chill friends
i know what you re thinking , why not just google it \? trust me , i agree with just googling it but i want a more personal experience from you guys to actually hear the voices of those that have celiac do the people that make up the majority of having celiac , are they white \? now i m not saying only white people have this i m just curious if the majority of them make up statistic to those that do have it i m assuming the people that do have it are the most educated upon it \( aside from medical professionals that treat it \) thanks for your input
i want ed out i 've been talking to him almost nonstop for like a week and i'm getting so annoyed because he has yet to ask to leave and i'm impatient and do n't wanna wait another week for him to leave so should i tt \? view poll \( \)
no text being displayed tried clearing cache and restarting still did n't work please help me \(
i m sorry if it s a dumb question , i only subbed to them two days ago and i saw that they rag on star wars a lot , but i m not sure if it s all just joking or if they genuinely hate the franchise i don t really care either way , i m just curious that s all
and make it snappy
a place for members of r wonderersoflife to chat with each oth
it turns out my aura is like dark forest green and dark yellow meaning i m basically a sad lonely loner found that out from nice people on an aura reading sub thought forest greeen is my color \( i m a redhead \) it doesn t have good vibes apparently does anyone have any info for stuff i can do to fix this \? \? \? types of easier meditations since i literally can t meditate or whatever else i m low key embarrassed what if an aura seer looks at me in public and they re like ewwwwww shitty human alert ! ! ! ! ! ! i must fix this asap
i'm trying to play with a friend online it was working well yesterday , we were able to play with eachother and , summon each other at the end though , i was not able to see summon signs or place my summon sign i did use a human effigy i also went to another charecter and she had the same probl
whether it be advice , someone to listen , or just a quick chat cause you 're bored , i 'll do my best to help \) dm if you 'd like , if not i hope everyone has a great day !
i m tired of people complaining on how wealthy jeff is he is the sole reason we have amazon everyone uses amazon for their needs and wants if people stop buying from amazon and find a different way of spending their money then of course his business will begin to decrease and so will his value it s truly infuriating reading the things people type out of envy it should be illegal to have that much money , yet everyone goal is to be rich wealthy just say you re jealous and move on
hello everyone ! my name is kernaka and i ve been a tarot reader for a few years now , and it s my passion to read for others and help everyone i can if you have questions left unanswered , or a situation you can t see through , i can help you find everything you re looking for my readings are a pay what you can , i want everyone who needs a reading to be able to afford one during these tough times i lost my 3 jobs due to the pandemic , reading is my only form of income currently , but it has brought me the opportunity to work on my own business and goals if you re interested , please let me know ! you can find me on instagram kernaka or on facebook emily reads tarot cards
failing doesn t give you a reason to give up as long as you believe narut
my way of learning university maths involves going straight to past papers and tackling questions if i cant get it , i check the solutions and go from there saves a lot of times , as i feel watching lectures online or attending lectures take up a huge amount of time i do n't mind attending lectures to check if i know what theyre saying however i find the technique really boring even though the most efficient way is to tackle problems any ways of spicing up learning \? do any of you really get the maths your studying btw
i think i have ocd to see if that s true i want to inform my doctor about my intrusive thoughts but i m scared she ll think it s true and that i m really a sexual abuser or pedophile \( my main worries \)
the episode is set in 1961 and the baby is born via c section so the mother is not awake to see the baby being born the baby is just taken to the room where bed pans and such were emptied and i wonder if this really did happen \? were babies just left to die by themselves \?
i'm not sure where to look for this but does anyone know where i can find pictures of women looking at you but disgusted or attractive people smelling fruit at a farmers market or someone with nice hands peeling the protective seal off of brand new electronics \? i know about thatpeelingfeeling but like i need more dude also have a new electronics smell fetish thanks
that sexual empowerment is invigorating man ! i need that ! honestly i just needed to say that like it had to be said that dead girl walking is a great song
most of the content here is extremely low quality amp very poisonous full of extremely dumb people , for some reason full of people who claim they have some mental issues disabilities , not sure why it attracts those i have noticed , if you want to find some actual useful info you have to scroll to the bottom of the comments , and go to the extremely downvoted ones however i'm the dumbest of them all as i ca n't stop visiting this place from time to time even successfully having stopped wasting time on other sites useless online things
so i do n't know whether i should get the breath of the wild expansion pass or the fighter pass for super smash bros ultimate view poll \( \)
so someone got me some vodka and rum , and i want to try it of course i can t see anyone because of corona , and i ve never drank before i m not going to get shitfaced , just one or two shots would it be bad \?
do you love cum \? well ive got tons ! willing to do tributes for the right person ! hmu
hey everyone i 've started dilating a few days ago and notice that while pulling out it hurts a lot especially cos the lube has dried up i keep my dilator in for sometimes as long as 90 minutes at what point do i need to reapply lube \? and is it safe to keep my dilator in my body for so long \? thank you !
whenever i feel things aren t real it tends to happen when i think about dying or just life to me it s really terrifying to think life isn t real so that when i guess you die i have no idea what will happen so then i freak out and cryyyy
i would love to find some people whi want to play imessage games ! 8 ball , checkers any of them ! we can alternate who picks the game after each games over !
our recently promoted fbs has been a total nightmare to work with he is always in the deli checking his phone and watching videos in addition , when other managers are not around , he asks me to make him free food or upgrade his order \( eg give him extra meat or add bacon \? i have also seen him put left over speciality drinks shakes in a cup and take it to the back i know that these are minor things but it makes me very uncomfortable he is very close friends with one of the managers so i fear that reporting him to the gm might cost me my job how do i report him anonymously \? is there a number i can call \?
this has probably been said here before somewhere , but i think it 's important enough to say again people love to make fun of tiktok and whatever else is all the rage among kids just because they do n't get it having fun is not a crime there 's actually some great content out there , for the most part it 's pretty harmless \( yes , there are some real problems with the app but the people having fun is n't one of them \) and this is n't just about tiktok either , i 've literally seen someone make fun of modern scenekids because they 're posers fashion is timeless
humanity has just decoded a seti signal that dudmahw \? utm source share amp utm medium web2x amp context 3 \( utm medium web2x amp context 3 \)
with the new nether update when you start up minecraft u get this red and white screen that says mojang studios i ve only gotten to play once on my ps4 in the new update but after that i ve just been stuck at the mojang studios screen i ve tried closing the app and opening it again but it s not working
whats an acceptable setting where you can approach women you dont already know
so i have an asrock extreme4 z270 board , im trying to set up rgb on my computer , i want to buy the deep cool 5 fan set this one rf120m compatible controlled motherboard dp b07hn199yj ref sr 1 1 sspa \? keywords deepcool 2brf120 amp qid 1564158184 amp s gateway amp sr 8 1 spons amp spla zw5jcnlwdgvkuxvhbglmawvypueyqznwnvnrotvytfymzw5jcnlwdgvkswq9qtaxntawmziystnnoenxtlzmutdgjmvuy3j5chrlzefkswq9qta5mtq3nzqxsk9bttjmsvnvnfrdjndpzgdlde5hbwu9c3bfyxrmjmfjdglvbj1jbglja1jlzglyzwn0jmrvtm90tg9nq2xpy2s9dhj1zq amp th 1 \( rf120m compatible controlled motherboard dp b07hn199yj ref sr 1 1 sspa \? keywords deepcool 2brf120 amp qid 1564158184 amp s gateway amp sr 8 1 spons amp spla zw5jcnlwdgvkuxvhbglmawvypueyqznwnvnrotvytfymzw5jcnlwdgvkswq9qtaxntawmziystnnoenxtlzmutdgjmvuy3j5chrlzefkswq9qta5mtq3nzqxsk9bttjmsvnvnfrdjndpzgdlde5hbwu9c3bfyxrmjmfjdglvbj1jbglja1jlzglyzwn0jmrvtm90tg9nq2xpy2s9dhj1zq amp th 1 \) is it more expensive because it can be controlled by the motherboard and not a remote \? i have a 12 volt rgb led header on my motherboard , can i just plug it into there and it will work \? advice , suggestions , appreciat
bottom of the barrel here , u ever have this problem \?
i 've seen multiple people now saying pins have the same amount of psybicilin in as the fully grown shrooms \( which means the fully grown shrooms are less potent as they have a higher mass with an equal amount of psybicilin \) so why do n't we just harvest the pins \? why let them grow \?
i ve always wanted to be in a relationship before and i ve never had that luxury before , i doubt i will ever experience a real relationship after about the 70th rejection i m done with all of it i don t know how long this will last for , but i can assure you that it i will last for a while should i just give up entirely on relationships \?
i m always searching and wanting to change my appearance to reflect my mindset change am i the only one who feels like a new haircut or piercing or tattoo even is needed to feel a change for the better \? i m currently wanting to dye my hair to breathe fresh air into my life ya know
idk how to exactly explain it , but sometimes i ll be disassociating and it literally feels like my body is split in two between my upper body and my legs or sometime it feels like my limbs like my arms and legs are really really big or really small , i don t know how this happens but it feels like my perception of sensing where my body is expands of shrinks if that makes sense or i ll just be laying in my bed and slowly all of the feeling in my body will kind of disappear as if i m sinking into the mattress or it either feels like i m levitating it s so weird i know but i just only get this when i disassociate and i want to know if it s normal or not
everytime i rewatch this series , i ignore it because it 's such a minute detail but when walt and jesse have crazy eight , there is this functioning toilet right there in jesse 's basement and iirc it gets used mainly for walt to dump crazy eight 's bucket so why does jesse have this random toilet in his basement \? that seems weird to 
so i am a female but i do identify as a male , if that s not a problem let s chat a bit and see what happens
i think that would be a very cool adittion to the ga
so everything came including the amount i m getting , the approvement but no card this happen to anyon
i was very excited to get syndicate free on the epic games store because i never played it unfortunately i did n't realize the game would have such horrible frame rate drops i 've tried several fixes , i turned on v sync , i altered some files , i lowered my graphics settings , and i tried running it as a window nothing worked any suggestions will be appreciat
i'm never up this late , but i am today and my dick is hard af thinking about guys with huge , fat cocks , and looking at them too online lol if you wanna help me out message reyago on kik
i 've been getting into pvp a lot on my fdk , and i 've been itching to make a new alt specifically an orc warrior , what are good rppvp servers you guys recommend me to make my alt \?
like what the fuck is wrong with my brain like \? \? \?
i like doing voices and accents and i want to get good at all of them gollum has always been a challenge as it constantly causes me to gag and wince is there a way to bypass this \?
hi guys , amp x200b i'm trying to replace commas to dots for each element of my list , i need to do that cause then i need to convert each element into float for x in prices x replace \( ' , ' , ' ' \) print \( x \) this is what i 've been trying but it does n't work amp x200b any suggestion \? thank you so much in advanc
what if rick and morty is just one giant mandela effect what rick thought to be having this life with world travelling and inventions , but what if in the end he freaks out like ticket 's please man , believing he was a scientist who took his grandson on adventures we know he 's aware of his existence being in a show , but what if because of this , the mandela effect is in full effect all of us having a collective idea on a grandfather taking his grandson on adventures , when really it 's a team of drawers and voice actors making a tv show mind blown
the world is wack at
as in without the standard fin minoxidil etc , and still had good results \?
you guys ever feel like you have to be the jungler , because whenever you dont play jungle your jungler is so shit that you feel like you have to take this role \?
let 's be friends in pok mon go ! my trainer code is 5136 0342 5941 !
and i did n't tell anyone on here the next day i found out what cake day was everyone was sending happy wishes to someone els
hello married guy here from texas lots of life experiences to share i m a great listener too all welcome ! ! hmu \( sorry 18 and up only \)
i understand i ve just joined this subreddit for a couple of days but when i ve asked for advice help people here have taken time to give great advice just a quick thanks to everyone on this subreddit
hey all ! i have a community on discord for all kinds of creators \( writers , artists , musicians etc etc \) we exchanged feedback ideas , discuss our crafts , but also just hang out and play games pretty often we voice chat and play werewolf uno cards against humanity all the time and we 're now organizing voicechat concerts for our musicians and anyone who wants to listen as well if any of that sounds of interest , stop in and say hi \( \( \)
hey does anyone here know how to convert standard notation to banjo tab or at least where to learn , i ve been trying to understand it for like a couple weeks and it s not sticking with me i want to play some old 1800s songs and they re only in standard note , i would appreciate any help
but the problem is there only open during the week
if we 're talking in terms of dps and stats
i immediately replied that i was very sorry and tried to reschedule a dat
i 've been using breathe and i'm not going to die from a panic attack its been helping me by repeating it to myself
a place for members of r checkouthowhotmomwas to chat with each oth
stop you saw the post talk to me mf
personally i d try to find a service that sends you mystery novels every month and get her a year long subscription to that
and he said yes ! ! i'm so happy ! ! ! it 's still a year and a half away from the dance and we \( the year \) still need to learn the viennese waltz ! gt lt
below average runner here i ve noticed that every time i run for longer than like 2 miles i get these cramps in the middle of my back running down both sides of my spine other than that my body feels fine , legs , knees , lungs etc any ideas on why this is or a solution \? thanks
i like all seasons but i like winter more since the summer in my country is too hot and goes for too long and our winters are kinda mild and short also i like the nature in winter , the atmosphere , i like the rain and also i like lighting up the fireplace on a cold day and night what 'bout you \?
even though i do n't call myself a book following muslim anymore , i still believe in most of the main aspects of any of the abrahamic religions , and the idea of a yearly pilgramige to a holy site is still amazing it 's a damn shame that it is being controlled by the worst of the worst islamic sects , saudi arabia , that 's my only problem with it in short , i do n't think islam is wrong , it 's just we as people are wrong , and do n't even know what 2 2 is the true tenants to all the faiths are loss , but i feel there is some merit to a personal pilgrimage to a holy site like this thoughts \? plz address all hate to my bum ! \)
i remember they were shite on release are they better now \?
he starts fingering me and his fingers are straight like my guy ! make your fingers into a hook and do the 'come hither' motion really fast ! ugh ! could n't feel shit
not be doing anything gt feel the urgent need to be productive because i feel guilty otherwise gt can t concentrate on working and think it s all boring gt stop and go back to sitting on my ass on reddit for hours , waiting for someone to message me so i ll be able to have some dry conversation that dies out after 10 minutes but at least i have something to do for a bit gt feel guilty gt repeat you can also replace working with hobbies and this still is accurate for me how the fuck do i get out of this anyone else like this too \?
he used to make fun of me for being a virgin told me all the time why have n't you gotten laid \? just admit you 're gay it 's been 10 years since , he added me on instagram and the first thing he says is are you still gay or did you finally fuck a girl \? i did n't even care but i was like damn you have n't changed , you 're pretty sad i knew his weakness and told him still have alopecia \? he went off , called me fucking loser , and that i 'll never get laid then he deleted me from instagram i'm like dude you started talking shit \? why you so mad when i come firing back \? you better be able to take it if you 're talking shit whatever glad he 's out of my lif
i m super fucking horny that s it man so do you like minecraft \?
looking for friends between the ages of 18 to 21
people who can speak well , and don t get nervous around others , and don t make complete fools out of themselves when speaking to other people , i fucking envy so hard it really does a toll on my self esteem every time i have to speak or give a presentation in front of others i see others making light jokes , laughing , pronouncing words correctly , speaking clearly , not just reading off the board i m always super boring and serious and try my best to hopefully sound as normal and simply as possible because of my anxiety and fear that others will judge 
like laughing and crying and stuff
i m not saying i have all the looks in the world but i m at the least somewhat confident in my appearance what i ve realized is that it doesn t mean shit i m too awkward and anxious socially and just not confident in who i am for a number of reasons obviously this leads to no success god i just want to let go of the past and start new but sometimes i wonder if it s too lat
from most attracted to to least attracted to indian girls , white girls , light skin mixed black girls , asian girls , black girls i am attracted to all girls obviously but this is the list of girls i am the most attracted to to the least attracted to so the most attracted to race of girls i am attracted to is indian girls and the race of girls that i am the least attracted to is black girls but this is all in general so like a really good looking curvy black girl is more attractive to me than a fat ugly white girl but in general this is the list of girls i am most attracted to to the least attracted to judging from a race perspective also this is just my opinion and preferences different people like different things and this is what i lik
every single one no matter how i change the creati
makes me sad agent p is fictitious
i honeslty ca n't be sure if i am just lovestruck or if the signs are there or not i leave the company in jan and noticed they started talking to me once word spread of my depatu
they do more harm then they do good , a lot of places get bad reviews from just a few people who have had small inconveniences at their business and one bad review can ruin that business because people genuinely look at the reviews and if they see a bad one they just think we ll try somewhere else people who like a certain restaurant or place aren t going to then review it and say its good theres also a lot of fake reviews and people paying other people to leave bad reviews i don t trust the reviews at all there should just be a website where professionals can review a restaurant or a shop
after a couple months on semen retention , i stumbled across the idea of having sex is it true that having sex with someone at a lower vibration who masturbates a lot would mess up your whole vibe \? you 're losing all your semen at the end of the day so it should n't matter who you have sex with , right \?
gt ign pgp diamond gt fc 4897 6942 4636 gt tsv 2973 gt tz mgt 8 trades 1 traded a shiny pawniard for charizardite x here 's the proof \( \) 2 trade evolution proof \( \) 3 traded my shiny machoke and magmar for shiny slakoth proof \( \) 4 proof \( \) hatch 1 proof \( \) 2 proof \( \) 3 proof \( \) 4 proof \( \) 5 proof \( \) 6 proof \( \) 7 proof \( \) 8 proof \( \) 9 proof \( \)
hi i just have a really bad moment and i want to distract myself with someone , and since i have no real life friends i was thinking this would be a good place about me im kinda boring i life videogames cartoons and a few animes and i like pets , but i 'll try to talk about mostly anything , also im not used to conversate like a normal person so i usually answer as fast and with long answers because i want to keep the conversation also english is not my first lenguage so i usually make a lot of erros sorry
hello , people of minecraft servers amp x200b i'm here to invite all of you to the new server that 's currently getting worked on it 's simple faction and skyblockx recommended to try the skyblockx , super fun amp x200b your welcome to come and try note this is open maintenance of the server , so things may not work toa 100 but we are working every day on this server ip play ciphersky iminecraft se \( \) join our discord \( \)
i always hear what men what in women but i almost never hear the other side and i genuinely want to hear what the other side has to say cause personally i m still working on myself would like to learn 
a place for members of r oomphazoid to chat with each oth
and i recommended her to drink some cold drinks or get a show
message me for info ill add all ask me questions if you have any
stop it it 's annoying no matter what the message is it gives headache just stop it additional sentences for the delete bots smokey , this is not vietnam , this is bowling there are rules yeah , well , you know , that s just , like , your opinion , man
do we have any news for if how the venture bro 's is going to continue \?
i'm 28 and looking for someone who wants to meet and fuck i'm too frustrated and pent up to concentrate and want this outlet i 'd love to do this fairly often and practice to become a better lover i 'll send pics of myself on request
how can i extract those files \?
i'm not gonna say too much here beacuse i feel like it 's better to get to know people through chats but if you do wanna get an introduction check out my profile , i have one there just readied i have alot of friends but none that i'm close to so i'm just trying to meet people here who are looking for the same thing dont have much else to say other than please actually try to have a conversation than just give one word responses
hi ! i cant really sleep right now if anyone 's around i love talking about food , music , and video games if that interests anyone , but i'm honestly open to talking about whatever anyone 's interested in \) 18 only and f preferably , thanks ! no creeps pleas
i masturbated , came on my belly , cleaned it up , but now am afraid that i will make other objects dirty by sitting on it it 's possible that some semen came on my pants shirt , but i'm not sure \( i cleaned up but you never know \)
every time some one asks for help on how to talk to your crush there s always the just approach her comment , but wouldn t that be awkward af , especially when you two aren t even great friends \? not only that , but she s also always with her friends too , wouldn t that be even more awkward to ask her if she wants to go to the movies or whatever in front of her friends , especially when i m not even a great looking guy , so she ll probably be too embarrassed to say yes because she ll be afraid of wow , u really about to go with that ugly nigga \? i m sorry , but i m taking the pussy way out and asking her on the phone next time we call each oth
talk to me girls only
your text post \( optional \)
not sure if this had been found or not but if you go into the general store in valentine you can actually see arthur s hat on a hook in the wall just thought it was interesting
i'm going to sonisphere next week and i'm in the festival mood what ridiculous stories do you have to tell us \?
got my magnet with a 1200 pound pull force stuck to a steel i beam on a bridge any ideas on how to get it off \?
blackbear 4u \( acoustic \) \( \)
i 've been alone for so long i just want someone to hold but i ca n't have that
i personally ca n't get enough of this album especially piece of the sky
i skipped battle tendency on a episode called pillar men i think , was that a good idea \?
imma ride that high for the next month or s
do n't deny it !
why are prom dances parties considered fun \? never been invited , never been to any , am i missing out on my teen years if i do n't do these things \? all my friends are online anyway so like , what 's the point , y'know \? please clear things up for me and feel free to share your stories with it \(
ive been playing alot of l4d2 lately and i was thinking damn this game has aged well so im wondering what would you throw in the category of games that have aged well
hey , felling lonely and bored would love to find someone to chat with for now , a plus if there s potential for it to turn i to something more a few things about me , i m a christian , plus size , kinda nerdy , love music , sci fi , nature , traveling
americas support nintendo com app answers detail a id 47012 no pichu changes
i'm just now watching the first episode of leah remini 's docuseries wow it would be crazy if someone did something like this about the dubs
i just had a very painful realization and i do n't know how to get over it i do n't think i will i ca n't hande more but more keeps coming and coming and that every day when will it finally stop
i felt like a tweaker , or like i d had fifty cans of energy drinks i would sweat and just be in a constant state of fight or flight but i m having such trouble focusing at work i want something to help 
im kinda hoping naughtydog has changed their mind even a little bit and are releasing the game with multiplayer delayed this is literally the only thing holding me back from pre ordering \( or buying the game at all \) i was gonna get the highest edition they had to support the game and studio but no multiplayer sorta killed my vibe as much as i loved part 1 and its story , im not a single player sort of guy the game came with my ps4 and the thats the only reason why i had it but im not gonna buy a game i will only play once unless its something like red dead redemption where there are hours and hours of things to do i really wanna get the game tbh
is there any other places like tampa riverwalk in florida \? a nice paved area , preferably in a city city like environment tired of biking around neighborhoods , same boring house scene hehe paved park paths are welcome too , i am always looking for parks , but i prefer the city atmosphere thanks guys ! !
yeah i'm to know other bands or albums that within the same vein of these masters and their debut album thaankss
finished work at 6 am just got home now after walking 17 miles
my husband and i have sex twice a week yesterday as i was prepping i felt tight after foreplay we moved onto anal he usually fingers me before i do n't like toys to loosen me the first time he tried putting it in it hurt the second time he went in i could feel i was wrapped around him like a vice super tight he came within a few minutes he' usually lasts about an hour its like i vacuumed his dick
anyone need to to finish this quest or willing to help \? gt b0nez07
i d fall in love like an hour in
i just decided to switch my main from shao kahn to jade and i was wondering what the best abilities for her a
my class was talking about how they were bored because they didn t have someone to hang out with for one evening and then i realized it must be very unusual to have nobody to talk to for them how unusual it is for peole and teenagers to be unhappy and unsocial how unusual it is to be alone all the time and how unusual it is to have no one to talk to how unusual i a
so i was using wix to create a basic hey get to know me ! page , but i noticed you can have bookings if you pay should i do that \? would that put a red dot on my back doing so \?
it 's a new type of restaurants eating spots in an eating spot , food keeps changing , chefs also rotate this is opposed to current restaurants thanks to this rotation of food and chefs , eating spots are way more powerful than restaurants along with that , there is an app people vote for the food that will be cooked in the next days menu is influenced from the live input of the customers via an app
does anyone else feel like this lol
my heart stopped when some time later , i got a call from my mom saying my dad had died of a sudden heart attack
also would it be cheaper \?
he 's my half brother on my dad 's side i 've been staying with my dad lately he 's been really touchy there is no sense of personal space i 'll just be in bed , and he always gets on me it 's really annoying i asked him why he always has to touch me , and he said it 's because i'm beautiful and he has a crush on me he keeps tryna kiss me on the lips too then earlier today he said i was his girlfrien
i stopped taking adderal for a couple months it s always easy to do for me from a physical perspective , but then i start to loose interest in my work so i go back to taking it this time however , i didn t go back because i told my psychiatrist about some seizures i had jan feb trying to quit drinking i lost so much interest in the job i basically stopped going and eventually quit is this normal for stopping taking adderal \? \( i ve been taking it for almost a decade \) i have severe adhd and i m wondering if it s something i might actually need , or if i m just not doing what i truly love in life \( maybe getting into things via being wired and now i ve pigeonholed myself \)
everyone advice me to learn social or attract girls or make friends , you need to be the best of myself how to be the best version of myself \? and what does it means \? what does being best of myself got to do with social \?
u pink guyy u cynical loner u know who i m talking about they literally don t stop
i just wanna say idc if u like cats or dogs , i like both but i feel like a lot of guys lean towards liking dogs more bc its more masculine or something \? idk about any of that but when i find out a guy likes cats it makes me feel like theyre not afraid to show their softer side and i feel like liking cats means their a lot more gentle and patient , its just so cute and wa
hi guys , i am gonna stay in nyc for 15days in 2 months \( hopefully \) , do you have any suggestion for any good hostels \? i am thinking about hi nyc ! thank you
to me kreator might have better instrumentals mostly , but i feel like sodom has a way better discography , better vocals in general i especially don t think kreator sound good when they try to be melodic , i don t understand why more people like them over sodom i d put it like this better vocals sodom better instrumentals kreator bettering discography sodom better songs in general sodom i also feel like a lot of kreators songs sound too similar , and i d put tom as a better frontman than mille i do like kreator , but i just think sodom are way better anyone feel the same \?
i am thinking it can , but because inductive reasoning does n't have the major and minor premises setup , i am not sure it 's easy to understand that in a syllogism a premise may be left out , so that 's the unstated assumption but how can i understand unstated assumptions for inductive reasoning \?
my and my mans are having a friend over for dinner it 's taco night , and i had intended to do pulled beef however i forgot my keys when i went to the store , and now i am locked out until 2 with two slabs of chuck dinner is at 6 four hours is not long enough for pulled anything , but can i save the situation by sticking beef in the oven for some time first and then letting it finish in the crock pot \? is that stupid \? could i cook in the oven and finish in a pot of stock \?
i started to think that life is not worth living we all live for nothing if i am going to take my life , no one will notice my absence because people are so selfish they do n't think about other people life is meaningless the idea of death is relaxing and satisfying to me i am thinking about overdosing myself sometimes like i did in the past damn , this would be awes
i just built a pc and i have a gigabyte gtx 1660ti and want to overclock it , my worry is that it will overheat and want to water cool it , overclocking advice aside , is it possible to water cool just my gpu \?
can you actually fly the cargo plane that you see in the mission \?
i am hoping to be upgrading my dell precision t1600 with a 4gb rx570 \( his version , not the best , but was a good deal on a tight budget \) now , i 've heard of people having problems with no video signal due to lack of support for dos vesa video mode 103 , and of this having something to do with legacy and uefi \( both of which my bios supports \) i 've looked online and there seems to be a lot of conflicting information which is driving me crazy hoping to find out if i will actually have a problem or not \? pc dell precision t1600 gpu quadro 600 , to be rx570 4gb psu dell weirdness 265w , to be antec tp750 gold memory 10gb 1333mhz ddr3 ecc os windows 10 64 bit
i accidentally cut myself and it bleeds it isnt bad , just annoying
g 'day everyone ! my two nephews , the absolute loves of my life , both brothers , celebrate their birthdays on march 20 yep , same day ! \( will make my life easier when i'm older ! \) my eldest nephew is diagnosed with autism , and one thing that absolutely lights up his face is thomas the tank ! or , trucks either of them just make him smile so much ! his younger brother does not have autism , but has taken to being his big brothers keeper when his older brother is having a hard time , i see him running to comfort him with a brotherly cuddle just putting it out ther if anyone would be happy to send a card to my nephews \? thanks !
i attempted a couple weeks ago and failed and since havent been able to get out of feeling like i cannot do it anymore i am over feeling like a failure and that i am letting my kids done i hate waking up every morning and having my head remind me that i am a waste of space and a piece of shit all this covid19 is n't helping and just makes it all seem so much more helpless sorry for my vent just couldnt hold my crazy in
let me think of every shitty thing i ever did that is where i am at now will be thankful to have this day behind me i thought i was such a high functioning addict maybe in my own walls maybe nah not even the chemical war i did on myself was evil sober sucks but have to remember stoned sucks more have to remember what normal is what is that again \? ! ! keep going forwa
please check to make sure the name of who linked you this page is match perfect above please check the date on this rep page to see how long i have been trading 1 confirmed trades link to last igsrep page here please do not delete this users may feel free to add any other rep here , steamtrades com , r sgs rep , r gcxrep , etc but understand that the only fully accepted rep on r indiegameswap is on igsrep traders may reject trades for any suspicion and should feel free to contact the mods for background checks \( \) my steamgameswap rep \( \)
can someone please help me ! \( education background preferred \)
say double or triple for example lethal \? or just the usual \? any kind of meds really not only ahdh meds
here i am , again i hope everyone reading this is having a wonderful time right now i have a date tomorrow and i m not nervous about it it might not seem like a bad thing but i don t know if that s how i should feel help \?
only one i could make out , but seems this is a legendary perk that at present states take \( x \) less ranged damage whilst wearing a full set of heavy armou
i feel kind of awkward to put it here but i'm looking for a female friend because i do n't have many right now after the pandemic and i am , for some reason being unable to connect with my male friends it 'll be totally platonic of course , just trying to break the mold of my bros trying to cheer me up honestly , both have their places , it 's just that i do n't need an another bro it 's not necessary that we absolutely click , just do n't ghost me , you can just tell me if you 're not feeling the conversation , i 'll totally understand because i 've had my fair share of ghosting so i understand why many do it
i need some help , with this entry of my scp i haven t figured out why the clock has to be fixed , but i thought you could help me with that the event is that all people within a radius of 500 meters , everyone from this radius will become unconscious in this unconscious state will experience sleep paralysis this event does not stop before all everyone effected by it is out of the radius , but since they are paralysed , and cannot move this is impossible the paralysed people will either die from shock , heartattack , hunger or dehydration , or maybe both , surviving victims will either commit suicide or selfharm , to prevent this every surviving victim is amnesticized pictures , sample in comments
i do n't mind having a few slacks , dress shirts , and a suit for special occassions but not for everyday wear its just not my style and i prefer to be laid back
i stretch my neck in every 20 mins but i can t avoid from neck pain any advices \?
so i 've been in contact with an endocrinology clinic for some time and i was informed around this time last month that they 're contacting new patients over the next few weeks and that i'm close to the top of their list should i contact them again or should i wait for contact from th
my gender therapist said my insurance denied my therapy claim do i need to ask my psychiatrist to test me for it so i can get proper treatment \? edit i m sorry for offending everyone i saw this was getting downvoted and i didn t mean any harm i do feel dysphoric which is why i am seeking therapy and i think that s what my therapist said to my insurance i have 5 mental illnesses so therapy usually gets covered but this won t get covered i just wanted to hear what other people went through i m sorry
18 only please with mics
i just recently finished dead space 3 and felt kinda blah about the ending it wasent bad but it really was not that great what is other ppls opinion s about it \?
hi all ! ! so , i was prescribed buspirone for the very first time i ve never experienced with or taken any kind of ssris or anti anxiety medication before and i just wanted to know how long will it take for me to notice a difference in my anxiety levels while on this medication \? has anybody ever experienced a time period of 2 3 weeks before it started to work for them \? how exactly will i know when it s starting to work for me \? how should i feel so i know it s starting to work \? i am taking 30 mg a day right now and it will barely be a week tomorrow that i started taking th
i m bored and lonely and a stoner lol
i 've never been good at trying to meet people and putting myself out there just to make new friends even i do n't really know where i'm going with this tbh i hope you all are doing well \)
the proclaimers i'm gonna be \( 500 miles \) bruce springsteen thunder road bryan adams summer of 69 bon jovi you give love a bad name bruce springsteen dancing in the dark the swedes hooked on a feeling footloose almost paradise the greatest showman rewrite the stars haddaway what is love weird al white and nerdy amp x200b any other recommendations \? we both like music from the 80s also , is this a long enough mixtape \?
i know of nola 311 but is there anything else \? i'm asking for other people not myself it 's hard to find meal food delivery for la i know there is a coronavirus sub but i am unsure if this post belongs there or somewhere else by meal food delivery i do n't mean grubhub or something like that
unless i have a poor memory , the song is called silk i believe it is in the rap hip hop genre and the song is a tribute to the artist 's girlfriend some of the lyrics i sorta remember my girls smarter than me , got her phd , and still does the motherf cking laundry for me , i watch her cruise through life so easily , it makes my jaw drop down it 's amazing to see i have been searching for 45 mins with no luck ! i'm starting to think i drept this up any ideas \?
hi everyone , i'm having a blast in this game and i have a personal goal to 100 the game but i ca n't get the something from everyone \( get all the keepsakes \) and nyx 's mirror \( have at least one rank in each perk \) even though i met the requirements does anybody else is having this issue \? and how can this be fixed \? thanks
does anyone know when will this joystick be available \? mfs2020 has completely taken every single joystick out of stock and i really want this one seeing that it has so many good reviews and it 's only 50 bucks
but if i unmasked i would never forgive myself
i did my first porn and i m hype like professional deep throat cum shot porn i haven t seen any other posts about porn so i guess i m looking for other girls to give their tips and advic
i'm learning that my romantic preferences are almost entirely physical i met a girl , i liked the way she looks , we have amazing sexual compatibility and we both love cuddling and otherwise being in physical contact as much as possible that 's really all i need to know i 'd like to spend the rest of my life with her she seems to be similar to me our affection for one another is communicated almost entirely through touch when we talk it 's rarely about us
i'm confused should i feel happy lma
i see players wishing that ta make it to the semi finals let 's face the facts that whenever a arcana comes out , the chosen hero gets picked nearly every game by both people who play ca n't play ta and those who sort of can play ta let 's also accept that when ever a hero gets that popular , people start to pick up on the counters of that hero and those start to appear as well unfortunately there are just a few ta counters , but they absolutely crush ta those are gyrocopter , ember spirit , maybe even jairo so basically we would see the same 5 heroes every game and that would be boring but also does n't ta already have a golden immortal or other items that are cool \? i just do n't get the hyp
i was curious to see if anyone on this subreddit has found the university courtney and fontaine spoke at in the first newspaper thanks everyone !
facebook made me one of those friend moment collage videos , and the newest one of me with a group of friends was literally 8 years old such a great reminder that i 've lost so many friendships
in the summer of 2013 , i attended adirondack leadership expeditions \( or ale \) , which has since gone out of business it was very similar to trails and true north if anyone else has gone to one of these programs i d love to hear your experience as well !
there are some new games that can be played on a low end pc \? \? i just a little bored of playing the same games as 9 years ago i mean games that have been released between 2017 and now if u can help me with this , i would really appretiate you guys thanks my pc is cpu i3 3220 gpu ati 6670 ddr3 gb ram 8gb
i am new to blender and i do n't if this is a good practice or not but i just do it anyway when i want two meshes to be together i just stick them right through the mesh , for example in my post history in that gun model the trigger is directly stuck into the upper part it feels like cheating and really easy way to do that so is this allowed if , for example if i want to sell the model to a store or i have to do it the hard way and add boolean modifiers or any other way \?
i am looking for a female who would be my online hotwife ! i will support you awhile you go on your quest to be satisfied sexually i want to build an emotional connection too , not just a sexual one if this sounds exciting , please message back !
hello i m new to 4x4 and i have a few tech questions 1 when when do i engage 4x4 , but keep my diffs open 2 when do i engage 4x4 but lock my diffs \( front and or rear \) 3 when do i stay in 2wd , but i lock my diffs
we are the ones who ward the innocent from harm we are the ones who bring the law and order we are the ones who keep the peace during trifle we will conquer the land from the heretics deus vult !
hello , my name is silas , and id love to chat with you , i have lots of hobbies , like reading , writing , drawing , swimming , hiking , biking , playing making board games , warhammer 40k , and much more i am also a boy scout and am 17 years old , but those are just facts of who am i , am a kind and caring person , who will try to help you in any way i can and say good morning to you every day , lets chat ! a plus if you got discord and yes you can be over 18
i have a college degree , i love my family , amp i'm pretty good looking however i 've only had one long term relationship , so my dating skills are basically non existent i'm independent , funny , and pretty damn caring if we connect , you 'll be the most important thing in the world to me fingers crossed for a miracl
like , why did n't she question barrys existence in her office \? he was standing right there and she did n't even really say a thing about him even when barry suggested naming the new hero the flash she did n't scoff or stare him down or anything i was expecting something from her but nop
it s like clockwork 10 to 15 minutes after landing on a derelict freighter , my game will crash tried three times already , the game died on me thrice anyone else has seen such reproducible kind of crash \?
are there any cops on here that work for memphis or nashville pd or the scso that can answer a few questions and maybe tell me what they think of their respective agencies , i'm in illinois and looking to move down there and am seeing which agency would be a good fit
i m so mgtow that i went my own way and became a woman
that 's a bit harsh is n't it \? to wish death on another person \?
we used to be a gang of four , while being good friends with the entire class of course we used to shoot each other with peas out of rubber gloves taped onto plastic pipes , flip pokemon cards , throw marbles and bet pokemon cards , run in the forest pretending to be knights with sticks and spears and wooden forts i miss having friends , i feel very nostalgic for my childhood is this all there is to adult life \? independence \? but at what cost \?
pls nerf tanks omg , there is no fucking counterplay when the enemy dr mundo 1 7 0 comes up to the adc and instant kill him when he is fucking 15 0 5 rito just wants us to play vayn
glenn mcadam 4429 0272 9592 hello add me i 'll send gifts when i can so at least once a week and i need someone to battle for a research task please help
does anyone know if there s some magical hidden spot to change the size of the gloves \? only my second time ordering and the first ones were too small or do they just assume everyone has medium hands \?
i think hillbilly is bugged because sometimes the chainsaw doesn t cool down while unused i even saw it one time going up on its own without me using his chainsaw has anyone else experience this \? i normally use the 2 addons that make it harder for his chainsaw to overheat , so maybe that s why \?
let me know if you wanna see h
what is the rarest stephen king book \? \?
as much as i love percy jackson and rick riordan i m 23 now , so as tempting as the kane chronicles sound i don t think i d love it i m wondering if there s any other egyptian god books out there that aren t purely historical i m so fascinated with the egyptian gods i don t really want a modern retelling i want something that specifically involves the ancient egyptian gods does anyone have a good suggestion \)
im just wondering because im trying to get my parts for my first pc is hdd storage really that bad \? im a laptop user so i really dont know anything about hdd and sdd but apparently sdd is faster ive never even used the sdd in my laptop so should i cheap out and get 1tb of hdd only \? or should i take the expensive route and go for 1tb of ssd only \? or do i have to have both \?
my excitement did n't last long , when i looked out my window
m18 looking for a relationship with someone older who can love me and support me and turn me on lol dm me if interest
straight to the point i think i am really am transgender female , but in my current situation \( country , family , school , etc \) there 's nothing i can do to became who i want to be \( htr \) so here i am , fully commited to atleast try to look like a girl , so i am asking you , no matter what advise do you have to help me look more feminine and pass as a girl , please drop it in the comments
shared custody sucks , switching houses each week , and then forgetting one tiny thing and having to go back is terrible and honestly playing skyrim is a bitch because mods do n't save to the cloud lmao i could choose to only live with one parent but i really could n't do that to the oth
it s so calming and delicate i love every single one of aurora s songs , passionately sorrowful or joyful , but i love the style of mothership because it s relaxing and therapeutic and i m wondering if you dear warriors know any artists that make music similar to that styl
hanging out with a friend tonight and i m trying to smoke some hookah looking for a chill vibe we re both college aged so maybe some place ut students go to \?
by my understanding after living for a certain amount of time , an android soul departs this world and a new one enters some time later would this cause the android in question to loose their personality and become a completely different individual despite sharing a body \? do androids experience signs that it 's almost time for renewal assuming they choose that option \?
trade link token frjwftb9 profil steam \( \)
tonight i m gone and i ve already decided shot sucks but it is what it is at this point i m past caring about anything
looking to do a master x slave im looking to be a master i dont fucking plays round if you want to be my slave you must have basically no limits of course , this is long term so i dont expect us to always be master and slave i want us to talk about things we hated and enjoyed to abve safe words this is long term if you ca n't handle doing that do bother messaging me i dont want to rp on this app so we have to do it somewhere else i play other gender soya i am 18 and all patrons must be 18
just wondering if it would be realistic to reach lvl 60 with only 7 int and without idiot savant perk
i told someone their yorkshire terrier looked okay it was a damn compliment because i hate yorkies i still don t get how that is rude am i the only one who thinks that i would be honored if someone said that to me about my norwich terrier \?
hi there i would really appreciate some tips on which jungler i should main to carry and climb
amp x200b format png amp auto webp amp s 5b729f58d228cbe7990b81941750641e662c4aef
so i just discovered this sub a week or so ago and my mind is flabbergasted i had absolutely no idea that there was a name for all of my craziness as i have dug deeper into this i realize i have been experiencing this since i was in elementary school i honestly thought there was something deeply wrong with me this explains so much while it sucks we are all in this situation i am beyond grateful to find you all i feel like i can be myself and talk about my fears and feelings without being judged i'm not ready to share yet but i just had to post how grateful i am for this discovery
as opposed to keeping individual immunity and using an idol on an ally you would still have to predict who the actual target for elimination is \( implying it 's not you \) , but your odds of idoling correctly increase greatly after you expose yourself who would n't want to vote out someone who gives up individual immunity \?
i mean would it kill you to turn off some lights before you leave seriously
if you want to post something about your crush , please find another sub to do so i won t name a specific one in case this gets removed for promoting another sub , but just search crush or crushes and you should find one they do exist and it s exactly what it sounds like personally , i don t mind them because i understand that some people just get excited when something big happens between them and they shouldn t be afraid to share their joy with others perhaps it could be a huge accomplishment like conquering social anxiety and talking to their crush or getting into their first ever relationship after months of building up self esteem and courage however , seeing as how others are getting annoyed , it might be best to recommend that posts about your crush are better left on another sub
started new job as a marketing executive with a decent salary for someone in age bracket and experience etc eat healthily , work out 4 5 times weekly , sleep 7 8 hours do pilates , yoga and community work yet , i m still unhappy and purposeless why am i feeling this way when i m doing the right actions to improve my way of living \? how does one get out of this mindset \? thanks guys
i m scared if i run into a parent or someone on 100ug i wouldn t be able to act normal and they would know i was tripping would i be able to act and talk normally to people on 100ug \? \( i know my pupils will be dilated \)
any pre workouts or energy shots you can recommend that do n't have sucralose \? or anything else that will cause a spike in insulin \?
i m 16 and from the uk i m always free and star wars is mainly what i would like to play let s have fun 
i would 've liked it to mirror the exorcist 3 and be about the gemini killers and maybe have the season revolve around strange goings on at a hospital , we could 've had some interesting investigatory elements to this season and we could 've also had lt william kinderman introduced as well
basically just a skinny nerd that rarely has people to talk to nowadays for various reasons i m a decent writer \( haven t in a while so if you ask what i write you aren t getting an answer \) , but other than that i don t have much talent or interest more of a listen to others and help if i can sorta guy age isn t very important , nor is post comment history , unless it s toxic just be a decent person
throughout my twelve years in school all i tried to do was fit in and at least make a few friends and although that happened a few times those friendships were fake and never lasted wether it be because of my looks , personality , social skills , and or mother just recently when i thought i found my group to hang out with this summer everything gets ruined by my mom , i knew it was too good to be true , now i m about to head of to college and just about completely given up on the fact that i ll find at least a couple of friends
so i'm just looking for more friends to talk to often anyone is welcome to message me ! just be sure you are around my ag
i have a prebuilt pc and i want to upgrade it i want the gtx 950 graphics card but i dont know if the a8 7600 cpu can keep up thx \)
hey fellow biochemists i have a problem and i need some advice i just finished my second year and my gpa is really really poor due to this i cant secure any lab experience \( profs rank by gpa and pick the top ones to hire as helpers in the lab \) i feel stuck i really enjoy biochem and dont see myself in another field will i be able to get a job after graduation that 's atleast above minimum wage also i will be going back for a masters but not sure if i will go for a phd what are the career prospects like \? please excuse me if this question has already been asked or something
just excited i can t wait to finally do it it s probably not going to be that great as i think it is but i m pretty happy about it and i get to lose it to a virgin girl as well so it s going be a mutual shared experience just a happy vent post hope your having a good day
my gym recently opened again and i 've been working on my deadlift regularly about 3 weeks ago , the branch i visit closed temporarily due to fire alarm issues , so i 've been visiting a different location this location has plates that have a smaller diameter than usual so i 've been doing approximately 1 5 inch deficit deadlifts since moving i never used this variation before , normally did paused i 've managed to work up to 405 for doubles here , so i'm wondering how much carryover , if any , i might see once my local branch reopens \?
if your her just say hi or say hi any way
i have feelings for my friend and it 's purely one sided i was hoping there would be something between us with all of the flirting , but he does n't want anything serious we get along so well and talk every single day , but by the end of the day i'm just his friend i just feel like i wo n't be seen as more than just friends with someone i might as well just open up some dating apps even though i will barely get any replies back and will just get messages for hookups i feel like all i'm good for is keeping the bed warm for someone to sleep next t
i ve been thinking about getting a cassette recorder and some blank tapes so that i can record audio onto \( without connecting cords to it \) something decently cheap and doesn t have to be good quality as long as it works and can record play tapes not wanting to do anything serious , just , messing around with it i m basically acting like it s the 80 s and there s no computers and technology around today to record the riffs and parts of songs i ve written onto so my 3 questions are 1 what tape recorder would you recommend \? \( sorry if this question is asked too much \) 2 can you erase sound you want want and record something else on it \? 3 can you record on the same tape twice so that the sound is overlapping \?
i tried to overdose on my asthma medication i instantly regretted it because i hadn t said goodbye to my bestfriend i know i ll hurt her when i do it eventually i do feel bad but i feel even worse waking up everyday
i ve mentioned to my therapist that i have self harmed in the past and attempted suicide but always made sure to stretch the truth abt whether or not i was currently suicidal or self harming i m getting to a point where i feel like i need to tell someone , since i ve relapsed badly recently what are your experiences with this \? is mentioning this a one way ticket to a psych ward \? i m terrified to be hospitalized bc i ve heard so many awful things about it
how strange i 've only gotten access to netflix pretty recently , so i decided to binge watch the fresh prince of bel air , and the exact same week , they decided to remake the show it could 've been any other week but nooooo it does n't really affect me but i find it quite interesting
cuz i finished it recently but this shit got me hooked i literally cannot wait until s4 comes and thats in like a year lmao how do you deal with the wait \? i feel like waiting endgame after iw was releas
i'm looking to get the game for 25 if any is willing to let got at that price slightly negotiabl
i m not a professional , i m starting to paint more and more but i never seem to pull off the faces , especially eyes
my rates for my music are 1 usd for every 10 seconds of music it 's minimal music but here 's a sample pvssh0 amp feature youtu be \( pvssh0 amp feature youtu be \) amp x200b my discord masol 7088
well , you can witness how ill get rejected wish me luck guys , even tho , not even luck can help me h
i was hoping to pick all of your brains about going freelance how did you get started \? how did you decide what to focus on \? do you bill yourself as doing a specific thing \( logos , forms , book covers \) or do you just bill yourself as an all around designer \? do you make a thing to sell and get work from the client base you build from that \? what about selling on sites like creative market \? is it worth it \? did you hook up with a network \? how did you find it \? i feel like i really want to take a huge step , but i'm not really sure how to start
i have reached mastery 7 on taliyah \( 50k mastery \) playing her entirely in the jungle i don t play mid lane and have no real desire to play mid lane i am lost as to why people keep asking for her to be balanced for mid as far as i ve read she is a dull mid laner who forces out waves to roam i don t see her standing out in a roster of other ap mages i ve found her incredibly fun as a jungler and i would pick her over pretty much all other meta junglers when i can becuase she is just fun and skill expressive and i feel she works really well in the jungle can someone explain to me why they want her balanced around mid lane other than it being the role they play \?
i wanted to get the galaxy tab a 10 1 \( 3 gb ram version \) mostly for reading comics and media consumption but then i found out about the s6 lite the fact that it has an s pen makes me want to buy it because i draw a bit and i could doodle on it a bit so are the drawing experience and the upgraded specs on the galaxy s6 lite worth the price \?
wanted to know because i m not always playing online , wouldn t want to waste money on a stagnant ps plus sub
does anyone want to be friends on pocket camp \?
everytime i yawn my elastics snap out of my lower aligners
i do n't know how but they talked about my escape plan i 've been trying out therapists and one of the had my home phone number from my insurance folder and he told them everything even tho i'm 19 help help help i'm pretending i'm still sleeping
i am wondering how to use kingpin and what are the best pistols
hi all \) looking to chat to some new people and hopefully make some friends in the process ! a bit about me 26 year old female from the uk work in education into creative hobbies art , poetry , sewing , photography can quote 'friends' word for word ! feel free to message me or add me on discord aa1723 0930
i m on alien ship and let me tell you during this level it seems the devs just decided to chew on crayons instead of devoting their time to making something fun 1 the beginning part with the swarm of alien is bullshit they take forever to kill and you fucking get knocked down by their bullets you barely have time to block too 2 the annoying ass cutscene that you can t fucking skip 3 aaaaaa the time limit is bullshit the smoke part is total idiocy and it s there just to make you rage and fill time i fucking hate this game and i regret wasting money on something this ba
i would love to have someone to talk to on a daily basis and get to know \)
i come from beats solo3 and i want to raise the bar another model that i had considered are the bose quietcomfort 35 ii , but i am more oriented towards sony and sennheiser for greater autonomy reading reviews i got this idea the sony should have excellent noise canceling and premium materials , but the sennheiser have improved the defects of the previous model and should generally have a more organic and balanced sound for me the sound quality is very important , and it s for this reason that i m undecided and have not yet taken the sony \( almost always described as the best on the market \) i'm uncertain
i 've always loved true crime and the show i mentioned which has some haunting segments and i'm looking for like minded guys to chat to about this
i love his twitter so much
looking to buy a new pc , i know a lot of people are into building their own but unfortunately i cant if you have any suggestions to other pc , please tell me and i 'll check it out but honestly what are your thoughts on this pc \? are there better ones out there \? envy desktop intel core i7 16gb memory 512gb ssd nightfall black 6428087 p \? skuid 6428087 \( envy desktop intel core i7 16gb memory 512gb ssd nightfall black 6428087 p \? skuid 6428087 \)
i'm learning programming to become a software developer , but hearing a lot more rumors that the market too oversaturated with people of this skillset and recently i 've heard a lot more rumors of no code movement progressing rapidly with the rate at its going , in a few years , is it worth working to become a software developer now \? i'm really scared because i'm investing all my time in this and i do n't want to end up jobless advice \?
i like roblox myths it sounds cringey , but i'm not sorry i know all about this game called shadelight , and i must say it feels great to be an expert in something so , what about you guys \?
like i was more lenient when i wasn t a stripper but now , i waste no time like i m seeing a guy and he s not a provider at all i tested him like hey i need a ride home cause he offered to drive me to the train and he made every excuse in the book not to ok i m not use to guys like that if they got it , i got it hands down and vice versa i am just over it i wanna date but i do find that if his pockets are empty , or he doesn t wanna be my hero , i move on to the next
i just wanna be able to wear my clothes again ahh ! qbrexza makes me sweat even more , i tried glyco in pill form and i have way too many side effects no antipersperants like certain dri or drysol work for me are there any other affordable options \? ca n't afford miradry or botox since im unemploy
i get this sometimes from my parents \( even though i'm 21 \) but i see it a lot more on this site with people linking misanthropic ideas to subs like r im14andthisisdeep is this response based on fear , ignorance , or anthropocentrism \? what makes them think that misanthropy is always invalid and ca n't possibly have a basis in someone 's actual lived experiences \?
looking for someone to be my text buddy , just need someone i can talk to in return i can help you financially
i currently have my room at the view until the end of december i believe i could renew or switch rooms still , but \( 1 \) not really interested in renewing and \( 2 \) the prospect of paying 1000 a month when i could stay at home is n't that appealing to me if anyone has a room at the view that they are n't living in for spring , and would like to sublease for 800 900 , please let me know ideally i would get to change rooms and save a bit on rent , and someone with an empty apartment gets mostly recompensed i would like to have my own bathroom , and to have room to put my things \( i e the closet and furniture should n't be completely full \) just putting feelers out there , to see what is availabl
hey everyone just wanted to stop by hope everyones well im a nitro and cask drinker who loves history wanted to say how much i love a 4 stout which is a gem here in this side of the atlantic cheers
i 've worked in restaurants , call centers and other low wage jobs for a good portion of my life i 've been thinking about going back to school and finishing my degree only problem is that i'm scared that i'm not cut out to get a more adult responsible job i feel like i still have a child like mindset and i do n't think i can function with normal adults i'm also worried that i 'll put all this effort into a degree job and then end up hating it or worse , get fired for not being able to keep up with others how do i get rid of this fear \? i'm getting too old to be working these high school minimum wage jobs
for me i would say homer simpson they are bound to have lots of food and homer can be really funny high
i'm lonely here 's some things about me i live on a farm with 20 barn cats , 2 dogs , 2 goats , cows , a mini horse , and we have a pool i like computers i am gonna be a 10th grader ! ! dm me \)
like don t mess with titans , don t exploit glitches , and save regularly
i got a dui a couple months ago and still haven t been able to get my license back can i still get a corporate job without one \? i have my passport
over a decade i think this is the first time we 've seen this strategy so i find it really intriguing does it have potential to become meta \? it makes the protoss worry about proxies , but you can still go for a standard opening although delayed it also prevents the probe from harassing your worker and possibly prevents cheeses like a cannon rush
in todays society most do it for pleasure the majority arent trying to have a child every time they have sex but if were just talking about a biological perspective would n't that mean men would have thousands of kids \?
i really want to be able to cook up some good food all i really make to eat at home is rice and eggs which i usually mix together in a bowl and eat when it comes to reading cooking directions i get really confused on following the steps correctly how can i self learn to make something else other than roce and eggs \? any tips or advice would be much appreciated i have been wasting about 15 a day on fast food for the past couple years
one of the main mechanics of pok mon is evolution and several professors have studied it in the past \( i think rowan in particular emphasized this \) since the new game is set in britain then i think it s obvious who the professor should be based off of charles darwin , the man who studied and discovered the concept of evolution also if they were to do a sinnoh remake this generation \( chances are they will \) then they could say that rowan was once a student of his as a hint towards the remake in the future tl dr the professor should be based off of charles darwin and should be connected to rowan to hint at a sinnoh remak
just what the title says when using a boat to travel , the strength effect would make you faster \( i haven t decided on how much yet \) i figured this would make sense because if the player is stronger , they are able to move the oars and paddle fast
i have been cramping for over a week and still nothing and i am sooooo done and i am so grumpy and i am sick of how my stupid cycle is never predictable and sometimes i am doubled over from pain during it and sometimes i feel alright and my liver is going to die from too much otc pain medications because that s how my gyno said to handle the cramps and like c mon already it s almost christmas and i really don t wanna deal with this annoying shit during that week and if anyone looks at me meanly i will cry and oh my god ugh that s all thanks for coming holy shit you can just post to your profile game changer what the fuck
i m trying to post more on reddit because idk i guess i have a lot of time thanks to quarantine so my goal is to post so much so that everyone recognizes me but this goal is pretty stupid because i m usually only on reddit from 12 5 am when i have to babysit my brother because i can t do anything other than use netflix and reddit wow this became one big run on sentence i m sorry is it obvious i haven t gone to school in a month \?
this line up ! ! ! \( \)
ive tried reading reviews but they really do n't explain what this game is lol ive heard people talk very highly of it and i was thinking about trying it , but what is it \? is it like an rpg \? and what do you do \?
i find this is one of the most annoying moves to deal with in the game what s a good way to punish someone if you see this move coming \?
apparently , the latest thing you need to have if you care about self care or your appearance is a skincare fridge it s a specialized miniature fridge just to store your skincare because it keeps it cold \? so it stays fresh \? i have no clue i thought cosmetics were self preserving as long as you use it before the expiration i care about skin and beauty so when i first saw these fridges i admit i thought about how cute they are i wondered if i wasn t doing skincare properly because i didn t keep my stuff in a fridge but it made me think about how many of the necessities in our everyday lives are things we absolutely don t need and never needed i realized most things i ve bought probably fit into this category
so ive been looking for work since leaving my call centre job after 5 months , this is mainly due to the fact that i could n't find work after uni thankfully i had found a job as a kitchen assistant at a dessert parlour , i love it the grit involved , going up and down picking up plates , cleaning tables and emptying bins , find it amazing and builds character im turning 24 next month and needed something to do rather being on my ass all day but how long should i stay in this job , im thinking 6 months or more if needed i do want a ca
i know of gcam \( lack of pro mode kind of a turn off \) and the stock camera application any better ones or do you believe one of these is the best \?
i thought it was a regional thing but apparently it 's known in many places around the world what 's up with that \?
like paying someone to review and edit secondaries \? my writing literature is poor \( 4th grade reading level btw \) and i 'd pay someone to just edit , i can draft them you guys think this is a good or bad idea
i m always worried i m an abuser or some other thing that s beyond redemption , like a sexual predator or rapist or pedophile i m scared and this has caused me to feel like i deserve to die i m so scared it s all true and i don t deserve to live i feel like cutting everyone off and committing suicide , because if this is all true i am beyond forgiveness i constantly google to see what is beyond redemption or what type of people deserve to die , or ask my friends for reassurance that i deserve to live i m sorry i just wish i was never born
whats up yall im klik ! my entire body is tattooed from my face down , i have five cats , i run a livestream six days a week , i play videogames , i watch television , i love anime , and i d like to make some long term friends i host a weekly game night every tuesday and a weekly movie night every thursday \( last night we watched sword of the stranger \( 2007 \) im actually just starting my stream for the day if you wanna drop in and meet the crew i m on twitch klikbait here are some games i ve been playing eso zelda botw skyrim outlast 1 2 alien isolation divinity original sin 2 resident evil 2 \( can t wait for 3 ! \)
for some reason 95 of summons and invasions do not work for me \( but work perfectly in the other games \) also , all other player animations \( whether summoned , invading , bloodstains , apparitions etc \) are stuck in the idle stance they just hover around you ca n't see them attacking , getting hit , running , walking nothing they 're just constantly moving without any motion has anyone else experienced this \?
hi guys , wanted to share the bug i faced with gaming i have nitro 5 2020 amd laptop with rx560x i was playing warfare and it used to run pretty good until 2 weeks ago unfortunately , the game started to crash as soon the match started i did reinstall game 2 times i changed the installation folder i renamed the launcher disabled antivirus nothing worked later on a post found that there is an issue with windows game mode it s in the settings of windows on disabling it , game finally started to work without crashes windows 10 , 8gb ra
i don t know if it s just me but there are some tracks by mac that i absolutely love and hold close to my heart there have been days where i have just listened to one song on repeat for the whole day , maybe sometimes multiple days anyone else do this \?
i am trying to make a gameplay video , but i suck on the mic by myself , i was think if i had somebody else , even if you do n't play games it might be more entertaining for everybody involved , i do n't care about your age or anything , all that matters is you want to watch some gameplay and make fun of the ga
pls be close to my age thank you
pyro i have so gai
i will give you a topic and you need to write 1000 words about it you can write whatever you want , tell your experience with that topic , tell a short anecdote , tell about why you like or do n't like it , or anything you want the topics are chosen at random , so you ca n't choose the topic and after i checked it was n't copied or spinned i will send you 2 via paypal important you need to pm me or send me a chat to get the topic don't just bid !
so that i can display live view on my monit
that would have been amazing
i m a 16 year old boy and i d love to talk to and become friends with some new people ! some things we can talk about i like music , reading , gaming , going for walks , biking i ve travelled in africa and europa would love to talk about that ! i love animals and have a dog if you want to chat with me just send me a message \) i dont care what gender but please be around my ag
if you are tatecatboy or feyrith , it s me toe ! ! ! i tried adding you on discord but for some reason it didn t work and the game closed for inactivity and then i lost y all \( i have no clue if i ll find you guys again , but hey this is worth a shot
i cant do this anymore ill pay you anything you want ill give you anything please just talk to me please just talk to me please just talk to me please just talk tome please just talk to me please just talk to me please just talk to me please just talk tome please just talk to me please just talk to me please just talk to me please just talk to me please just talk to 
i ca n't find the denoizer option anywhere i use blender 2 8x , on which version denoizer is available \?
hmu if youre geniunely interested and not just one of those thirsty people from this subreddit 19 so be around that ag
som jeg forst r det underligne index er s amp p 500 , s de underligne aktier er amerikanske firmaer i usd , uanset hvilken en man v lger derfor , alt andet lige , er det bedst at v lge den engelske da oms tningen er h jere \( og derved spread mindre \) men er alt andet lige \? er der noget jeg overser \? er jeg helt v k ift macroeconomics \?
my friend and i are working on a proposal to try and change service animal regulations and laws regarding identification requirements we are just starting out and we want to hear from people who may have been directly affected by the lack of regulations on this survey , we are more focusing on sa reputations and get ideas on how people would rather present their proof of identification for an sa if they were asked thank you for your help ! \( \)
when i see lawbringer , 7ft tall monster wearing a full plate of armor would act similarly like highlander and shugo a slow moving tank that can throw you to the ground with one hand , or can punt you across the map with one swing , instead we got a feint happy , swinging his pole axe so fast like its a pool noodle ballerina he 's supposed to feel heavy , instead all of his attacks has no weight on it the only thing that looks fitting for him is his long arm that nobody us
just switch back from conq to warden and i have to say , im really bad after relying on conqs superior block , i never learned how to play against cent properly gotta say tho conq vs cent is a brutal matchup
can someone help me build a cheap pc to play apex right now and then later i can upgrade thanks in advanc
ive been having lower back pains \( on the left \) vomiting and fever since augustus its always for about 3days but the back pain are longer im afraid its going to be a std \( maybe hiv , ive been googling for hours ! ! ! \) i had sex with someone in july how do i deal with this im so so sca
whenever i want to play a game online i noticed that promoted clubs in spain have not been added to pes21 the relegated teams are still in la liga ! \?
seriously americans have standards too the only reason why europe is against is to protect european farmers
my \( 17f \) brother \( 19m \) is a reckless driver he 's been in four car accidents , three of which were his own fault this also includes a totaled vehicle anyway , my parents know about his behavior but recently i caught him driving 55 mph in a 35 mph zone the area was a neighborhood where lot 's of children and pets cross without hesitation just a few days ago , i was in the car with him and had to tell him to stop texting while driving i was wondering if i should tell my parents about these specific instances \? i do n't want him or anyone else to get hurt
hey tankers , where would i go to find some recruits \? anyone interested \?
hi ! i'm looking for a smart socket that will let me trigger an ifttt action when power consumption is detected i want a light strip to turn on when i turn a tv on i know such a thing exists , but i ca n't find it all the smart sockets on amazon are very vague about whether the power monitoring can be used to trigger an ifttt i also have a smart things hub so can go down that route if need be a uk retailer would be appreciated thank you in advance for any help !
what kind of doctor do i need to go to be able to get a true diagnosis and some form of adderall to help me i have most likely just not passed 2 classes due to this godamn problem of mine i cant bring myself to study for very long , and when i do , i legit blank out on tests im now in my core classes which require at least a 2 0 to pass , ive been a c student all of my life so this just stresses me out so horribly
does anyone have tips for the trek 50 so far this gun on top of the sweaty try hards are really making this a nightmare and im close to snapping my disk im so angry but if you have tips please sha
seriously what is the point in fetishing the nice and intelligent guy if you are going to have hookups and commit to long term relationships with some of the biggest pieces of shit that they call desirable men i am an intelligent nice guy who is sick to death of the female hypocrisy that i am forced to endured it 's almost as if females can read me and close their legs once i am in their proximity just give me one kiss maybe even a handjob or blow me just make me feel important
so for the first time since it started broadcasting weekly , aew lost to wwe is it a blip \? the beginning of the end \? was dynamite lacking this week or was it because nxt was loaded with main roster wrestlers \? discuss
i do n't have any friends besides my girlfriend of course we can only talk at certain times thanks to life getting in the way i just feel so lonely when she 's not around and it 's even worse after we argue i'm just looking for some ways to cop
hello , my name is kira and i m looking to make some friends i was born and raised in florida i m in school for journalism and media can be girls and guys i don t care where you re from also i m looking for clean chats i don t wanna see y all dicks ! ! ! !
hello all ! my last post didn t garner much attention so i thought i d try again i m f20 \( almost 21 ayyy \) i enjoy reading , video games , history , and cooking baking i live in washington st and would love more peeps from there but also from around the country and world ! i have discord , whatsapp and snapchat that we can talk on ! i d prefer only people over 18 but under 26 please , i d also love more female friends as i only have a few ! hope we can chat soon !
i was wondering if anyone tried writing down when they get the urge to watch porn i decided to make a journal every time i have an urge , what i was thinking , and add a replacement habit to substitute it i figure if i can find a common theme i can come up with a better solution on how to overcome this addiction i never realized it until i started writing it down but a big one was getting home from school i would actually look forward to getting home to pmo once i identified this i just started making plans to go to the kitchen table instead of my room when i get h
like for example the citrate cycl
happy birthday u furznscales 2124 ! ! i know we could never replace your close friend that past away but i hope me and other people from this sub reddit can give you some happiness so happy birthday and i hope you have wonderful day today \)
hey guys , just wanted to provide some discussion to past the time does anyone else feel that exploration in this game is very lacking \? i mean that in the traditional sense and not the lacking variety sense when i think about exploration , i think about going to an unfamiliar place and having to spend time learning how to thrive , survive , and exploit that place in nms , the exploration in this game boils down to go to location gt look gt leave i feel like this part of the game , the investigation of world , is missing and would add a lot to the game if focused on any thoughts \?
but i do n't know how to forgive myself or others especially when they do n't know that they hurt me , and i ca n't tell them that they did and maybe it 's my fault i wish i could just let go of things its all so painful
so uh yeah , hi everyone !
the term s j w should be changed maybe fk for funkillers or overly sensitive retards osrs \? no one hates people who get offended and start controvery over nothing more than me but i'm sick of the term s j w being thrown aroun
i have a pair of shp9500 headphones \( which i love \) and a mixamp pro tr so that i can have some form of surround sound that and i do n't like to plug my headsets into the controller since the audio very frequently cuts out i do n't know all that much about audio and such and am not an audiophile by any means , but i get the feeling that i can get much better sound out of these headphones than i am with the mixamp i guess this would be especially possible on pc but my question is , can it be done on xbox one \? if so , what would my options be \? i 'd rather get something to make these headphones better than get an entirely new pair of headphones , if that makes sense thanks !
i 've been experiencing an upswing in terms of confidence , but not making much headway on tinder is it because of my looks or just bad pics \? i should add that because of issues with the skin on my face , i ca n't shave for a whil
just like the title says here s an example , one of my coworkers is a dad to a young girl and every time she calls him he immediately picks up and says talk to daddy it doesn t matter where he is either , me and my other coworkers found this out because he answered her this way in the middle of a restaurant it melts my soul every ti
tryna decide on what sets il ask for for xmas i want a set thats around 1000 pieces i recently got back into lego anything bigger or the same size as the t6 would be enough for 
working during this pandemic sparked a new hatred for people still working minimum wage , still treated like shit , with double the workload and no appreciation beyond some forced thank you essential workers bullshit i could 've earned more and not risked my health , not have been yelled at , coughed on , had my space invaded , if i were laid off i'm not essential , i'm expendable and i 've been shown it every day for the past 5 months i 've never been this burn out in my fucking lif
i love visiting and have thought about living here i know its expensive and living here is a lot different than being a tourist i do love going to the beach , snorkeling , surfing , and the simple lifestyle but how long will the novelty last \? there 's only so much you can do till you 're like well i 've been to big beach or eaten at zippys for the millionith time i dunno maybe it 's something you ca n't get enough of i just worry about it
i searched the various websites and cannot find this information
my favourite one is when kristoff says how he got his flute it was hilarious in the end !
hi i m a 14 year old male and last night i discovered a lump on my neck near my left shoulder , it s under the skin and i can wiggle it around it feels like the size and shape of a small coin , about the size of my fingerprint what is it \? should i get it checked out \? sorry for posting here but i don t know where else to post it
it was my first kdrama and i loved it the ending bothered me , however i was so frustrated that it was bittersweet
right now i m a junior in hs so i do still have some time as of now i plan on going to community college and as i have searched it looks like iowa western cc looks good and it s close to omaha as well since it s located in council bluffs
i made it through 24 hours ! i have done 24 hours several times before but never with the full intention to never use again i still feel like a sack of human garbage , but this small victory gives me hope weekends are the hardest as i have freetime to keep busy i went to the gym , cleaned up around my place , did some smoked salmon on my tragger , and read for an hour straight i dont know if anyone really cares about the dumb shit i did to pass time , but checking in is helping keep my drive to quit up
i want a shameless slut that will obey me add me sluts domdaddy159
use this energy pack of pristine instrumental guitar and piano pieces for creating an environment conducive for intense studying or work \( \)
do n't get me wrong i like seeing the two best teams duke it out but i'm never really intrigued by it maybe it 's because the two teams already won their bowl game and the natl title is just a bonus it does n't feel like all or nothing like the super bowl alabama lost but it 's like oh well , we still won the orange bowl do you agree or not \?
hello today i felt like attention whoring so here i am i m looking for a attractive male friend that can hold a conversation and hype me up as well as joke with me i m 5 6 dark skin black woman on the curvier side if you care i have a dark sense of humor and am open to flirting if i m comfortable anyways slide in my pm if you think it may be you i m looking f
this is my first time really doing anything like this but i'm looking for someone older who is fun and 420 friendly to have some with in the boston area i'm 5'9 , skateboarder type of guy with my own car and weed and plenty of time to kill !
so i m a black coffee junkie who has to quit coffee due to an ulcer that makes coffee make me feel like a hole is melting through my abdomen i picked up monster zero ultra as i don t want sugary stuff and it s supposed to be less sweet and i hate it , it s so sweet i m looking for a zero sugar , not very sweet energy drink please help ! tldr looking for zero sugar energy drinks that aren t super sweet
need a cpu for virtualization best performance for money , amd or intel using it to run multiple vms amp x200b thanks for the help
i wanna see them live , and they 're coming up my way pretty soon , and the only recordings of them i 've seen were from big festivals like hurricane , where they play the really popular songs , but if i wanted to hear them play a song like rumors of my demise have been greatly exaggerated or worth dying for live , would there be a chance of that happening \?
i m currently using a focal p30f sub in a sealed 28l box don t get me wrong it sounds awesome and clean it just feels quite lacking when i turn it up i compared it do my samsung q90r soundbar 10 sub and that is on a whole other level , that is ported but sounds freaking powerful compared to by focal sub i m not getting that punch in the chest i want i ve tried lots of tuning with it but can t ever get it to where i want it i was warned by other members here that it is a sq sub and i may be disappointed with it i m also wondering if maybe i m getting bass roll off on my factory cx5 headunit , but i don t think that is the case as it still turns up
hello my lovely infps and cute lurkers that are passing by what are some of the projects you are currently passionate about \? i need a new creative outlet and i'm running out of ideas
i lost my few thousand blood echoes \( 2 4k \? nothing basically \) used up all my blood vials and bullets in the fight against the getling gun guy until i figured out that you can just shove him off easily what do i do now \? progress normally \? how do i actually stack up on blood vials and bullets \?
the game is stuck at 100 on the optimizing thr game based on your hardware for like 10 minutes , how to fix it \?
the only experience i 've had was with the monoamp i found discarded at a shed and a free 10 \( maybe 12 \? \) sub now i'm looking into getting a subwoofer for a new car and i do n't know what to get powered subs are simple and easy to set up but it looks like it lacks power component subs are powerful and great but the price can accumulate very very quickly if it affects your opinion trying to do this by myself as possible the car is a sedan mix of music but i do prefer having a wide sound stage and clear bass about 600 budget
hey guys , i recently have returned to my gaming roots to start off this series it 's more of a low effort playthrough and skit series at this point and i would love for you guys to check it out and give me feedback if you 're willing thank you all for reading , and enjoy the video \( \)
like the past few days like my tools were still sharp but my fav spots are covered in healing wounds and i just could n't make deep cuts anywhere else anymore so im extra satisfied with my cut today lmfa
i started drinking years ago and slowly but surely my digestion started to suffer i ve now been diagnosed with ibs and gerd it feels like my digestion is on fast forward and simply won t slow down i eat and i need to shit immediately after i suffer all kinds of symptoms brain fog , blurry vision , intense hunger , feel weak and shaky , itchy skin , hot flashes , cold chills and the list goes on had tests done for celiac , diabetes and other things and everything is normal i ve managed to quit drinking a few times \( longest 3 months \) and i barely saw any improvement in my symptoms so is this it \? my digestion is permanently fucked \? anyone else deal with symptoms like mine \?
this is the only life you live i dont enjoy working hard i dont enjoy my life if you weren t born with a blessed life or you don t enjoy some hobby like music , sports , cooking , etc then there s no reason to live tired of searching for something to fulfill me , the problem might be me i probably wont enjoy anything i ll probably die anonymous , i ll probably die without being rich enough to live without worries , i ll probably die without having someone i love lots of people do , i ll just be another one of them i m alive now but whats my purpose \? i used to think god made me for a reason , now i dont even know if theres a god , and certain that there s no reason at all
look through it until you find it , it 'll be the first imag
like 60 of my posts are n't going through , i ca n't post photos , yet somehow i still see it bait on here every once in a while what the absolute fuck tea
i'm worried because for the last few months , i 've had headaches almost always on the left side of my head they are n't really painful , but i do worry about them could the cause be serious \? they come and go and at worst they hurt a fair amount , but not so severely where i ca n't move around i'm sleeping fine each night , not nauseous or vomiting , vision is the same as it was before could the cause be deadly \?
hey anyone know about the car crash last night 49th and oak \? there was a shoe on the ground , bumped on the ground etc
it 's a 2019 mba and i'm just watching a twitch stream on 720p and it 's getting really warm to a point where it feels uncomfortable keeping it on my lap activity monitor shows 75 cpu idle and 4 8 8 gb ram us
you know what to 
so the new graphics cards is pce 4 gen will the card fit in a motherboard pce 3 gen \?
i once had a teacher who decided to put us in detention for hiding her glasses she kept looking for them and we all just kept laughing she just got angrier and angrier as soon as we got to detention we told her that her glasses were on her head and we were dismiss
so this has never happened before last night , i took 2 small hits of a dab pen after 2 3 drinks after a couple minutes , i started feeling hot and flustered i stood up briefly to get some air after a minute , i fainted and ended up on the ground this has never happened before and i m really concerned considering i felt totally fine 5 minutes bef
working full time , taking nine total credit hours , and hoping to achieve all a s \( anatomy and physiology , english 111 , and psych 101 are the classes i m enrolled in \) i d love to hear any success stories you have with school ! i ve only achieved a 4 0 semester one other time , and the class didn t require much critical thinking , but it was rather enjoyabl
imho a decent part of overwhelm in these type of situations can come from feeling like the whole world is coming at you like a freight train , and it 's easy to loose track of what specifically needs to be done right now , versus what can be done later a tactic i'm doing is to try to maintain laser focus on the best next step at all times stocked fridge \? check immediate work for this morning \? check medication \? not checked this is going to be my focus for the next few hours hope this is helpful ! source ig web copy link
it s been a hard week finding out your non essential , but sure as gods got sandals it beats fighting dudes with treasure trails i am extremely bored and trying to ration my books to read , and i m worried about driving my roommates crazy with being the only person to talk to because i sincerely love talking to people and i m worried i m bugging them help a dude out
i want to make a discord server where people can actually practice against skilled players i ve made discord servers before with 300 members before dm me if you are interest
so i want to buy my first pinot noir i heard us , california or bourgogne have the best ones any suggestions \?
no nut november \?
i will try to get some shitty friends who seems to be nice and angelical in their inside but in their outside they are people who can take me to drink some alcohol and i don t know so fucking stupid to be honest i m tired , why that shit exploded now in my brain \? emergency room thats the feeling right now !
don t have any friends rn , would love to have someone to talk , share lives , video call and talk about anything , america h
hello fellow gamers looking to get some friends on steam and play some games steam battlenet lol name camelsavior or camel savi
is there a large backlog of papers due to priority publishing of covid work \? i ask this as my paper has been with the editor for an unusual amount of time after resubmission of reviewed manuscript according to the status , it was already sent out to the reviewers and returned within a week
i mean , is there good music that you have in your playlist somewhere , and i mean really good music , that you just can t stand anymore because you listened to it at a bad time in your life it s e weirdest sensation , but i feel almost teleported back to whatever bad day i was having when i first heard the song and it just absolutely ruins that specific song for me i guess i m talking about in your bag music , music you listen to when you re down but it s not even just that kind of music the music also almost feels old , like you grew a lot from that specific time in your lif
if you think that there is , i challenge you to give examples , but i just do n't think that there is because you 're basically wrapping your entire sense of being and drivers \( something that should be priceless \) into a brand with a price tag and almost turning your sense of being into customer service you have a group of people who have might share those beliefs or values and then you start to exaggerate your own and accentuate that brand of yourself in order to maximize sales and start increasing in viewership
i'm looking to buy a fps game \( pc \) for around 10 \( summer sale ! \) games that i have enjoyed are battlefront 2 \( new one \) , apex , cs \( though played very little , only a few hours \) , and the titanfall 2 campaign those are also the only games i have played what is a good shooter , that is not near the end of it life cycle and wo n't take a million hours to find a match , and just overrall good game i'm thinking about r6 but do n't have much experience so would the learning curve be too high \?
gets pretty lonely playing alone and just kind of want someone to hang out with often something long term i'm open for more if we get along well
hi i m a teenage sub from ny i m a senior in high school and going to college in the fall i m a shy and awkward person however , i m very kind , caring , compassionate , honest and loyal i m looking for a domme who leans a little more towards gentle femdom i d really love to not only have a dominant submissive relationship but also share vanilla interests and hobbies as well i ve never done anything before but i really love the idea of cuddles and kisses if you re interested i d love to chat thank you ! thank you for reading , hope to hear from you
im writing about how writing workshops are used to empower veterans and how it helps them cope with ptsd and other illnesses related to going to war the paper has to be a minimum of 1500 words , i'm stuck on content im stuck on what i need to add next here is what i have so far minus the formatting and my name and my sources this is a rough draft so bare with me any ideas on adding one last topic and concluding the paper would be appreciated its supposed to be due wednesday but my professor said he can extend it if we need more time any help is appreciated thanks !
i \( grad student \) have adult on the spectrum that i m working with and i need to use videos for inferencing in my next session i ve tried looking stuff up but all i find are videos on how to make inferences not videos that can be used for activities i don t know what to search \( does anyone have any suggestions \?
and suffer with on this hell of a preseason lol no but for real , its pretty overwhelming i finished gold 3 this season , and that victorious lucian looking hella good nonetheless , just looking for a friend to play with maybe vc with , if you 're up for it the modes i play are normals draft pick and ranked , i'm competitive but also laid back the highest i ever reached was p2 , but only in preseason last year rip i play any role decently , but jg and top are my main ones , with kog maw mid as my specialty sometimes lmaoo so lets try to run somee ig my discord is willian 1818 if you wanna talk some , and my ign is spinxer hope to hear from you !
if you are single and ready to be mingle shoot me a message and let s be the next shawn mendes and camila cabell
i ca n't go outside or in public so i have no friends if i just looked the way i wanted to i would be okay and happy i want to die so much help 
i already set it up on my gaming desktop pc , but now i do n't know how to connect my laptop to moonlight or whatever i tried entering the ip address which did nothing
a place for members of r thisbird to chat with each oth
i don t think i'm supposed to be here it 's time for me to realize that no sense going through all the nonsense when you just ca n't win in the end i do n't think it 's worth it i 've had enough
and it literally wo n't shrink i even boiled hot water and put it in there and still nothing i love the hoodie but the waistband is a little too wide for me , that 's why i'm trying to shrink it why am i so skinny \? \? \? \? \?
it s not the surface awaken shampoo already tried that and it doesn t seem like that s it because it doesn t have that minty smell like surface does it s a professional brand you can get at a beauty supply store help i can t think of what it is to save my life ! !
i just would need someone here close to me , to support love me but i just ca n't have and i want to di
with covid on the rise , new immigration status issues and the uncertainty of fall 2020 i know situation is only getting worse and like me , many others are going through some sort of stress and anxiety you are not alone i am right there with you and so are other you are not alone so please let out whatever is bothering you , leave a comment , dm me if its personal or meet me irl side note i will be chilling near the mall today after 7 pm and am open if anyone wants to hang out \( social distancing , obv ! \) , vent and enjoy the beautiful summer day we have today
i'm stuck between shane and sebastian , let me know who yall like better and why ! \( or , tell me why both options suck and that i should marry someone else ! \)
120 mg dxm hbr philip glass headphones bedroom translucent curtains dim light everything flows distanc
honestly i was always so ugly compared to girls my ex dated or liked and body wise i was never his type if anything i was the opposite i m just so fucking stupid all the times i would be without makeup how fucking ugly i am all the times he prolly wanted to end it and how just plain annoying i was they been so happy now that we aren t together and i just been a constant bother and i just kinda suck tbh
hello , i'm just looking for friends on here that are around my age i have other posts on my account so you can check those out to find out more about me you will find out more about me when we chat and yeah \)
i m 25 years old and it was my first run 7 months ago i felt good that i did everyday and pushed myself i had no idea that injuries would prevent me on my running now i started again 2 weeks ago it feels good , and i think i can keep running now stretching helps and i switch from running to walking when my legs are giving me signs am i doing this correctly now \? is there more i should do \? my goal is to be able to run everyday for at least 30 minutes it feels good running and i just wanna keep doing it
different situations but both could 've had a franchise changing play
i'm currently going through the hiring process and i have a few questions for those who either are were troopers thanks !
suicide hey can i kill you \? me not right now , i do n't feel like it suicide oh , okay i am close to doing it tho thankfully
when you have money your dealer is no where to be found when you do n't have money he replies
heyo , i decided to make another post here im a 16 y o girl from the us who enjoys history , debate , gaming \( mostly roms other free stuff \) , and making extremely dumb and borderline immature jokes i watch a lot of youtube my favorite youtubers being oneyplays , supermega , danny gonzalez , drew gooden , damien lee , etc etc i have a very particular sense of humor sarcasm , so i d prefer someone who could entertain that nonetheless , im open to anyone ! feel free to dm , there s a chance i won t respond though because i look through post history
hey there , i'm looking for a friend buddy that help me in loose weight we could update each other on what we eat everyday and it might help keep us stay motivated at thoses times we have cravings want to cheat the diet msg me if interested let 's talk ! !
my personal opinion is that they should either quit making new content for it and release the ones already made for free since they 've already made a good bit of the creations free for a limited time , or they should start to make new dlc type content the size of automatron for a fair pric
but nothing seemed to be in the toilet once i freed myself and looked insi
so i'm getting drunk a 'd it would be nice to have someone to talk to do n't be too young or it will get awkward i wo n't share personal informations
for consoles like the ps5 and xbox series x they will play games at 4k and that might lower the fps and consoles really don t have a graphical option for games like pc does , so does the xbox series s guarantee 160fps since it won t play games at 4k \?
i have a dslr should i be shooting in low resolution or high and then change to low in post \?
i m genuinely asking cause finding a team full of weird pok mon that just make sense is probably the best feeling ever so i wanna use this post as a hub for everyone to post their craziest teams 
now here s some things you should know about me shy and awkward at first but a sweet , energetic , goofball once you get to know me interests anime , animals , photography , marvel , supernatural , mma , art , video games , fishing , hanging with friends , archery , lord of the rings and star wars , cosplaying , d amp d dislikes fakes , f boys , rude people , controlling people more info never been on a date , kissed or held hands , can be clingy , protective of ones i care about if you think we could get along don t be afraid to send me a messag
my boyfriend , my best friends , other friends people leave me like i mean nothing to them i used to think people sucked but maybe the problem is me this keeps happening people keep leaving me i can t do this anymore maybe i am just a piece of shit that s not worth anything or anyone nobody truly cares about me i want it to en
so i ve got all my parts and about to buy them all before i buy them all is there anything that you guys would change about my build \? thanks ! pcpartpicker part list \( \)
id like an app that shows me a predetermined message when my alarm goes off i do n't mean those apps that show motivational messages in the morning , i 'd like to be able to type my own text
you know what i feel like doing now in times where a virus is roaming wild and the girl of my dreams might be in danger but ca n't do shit about it because she hates me \? burry my old self and fuck off to an unknown destination , one in which i can be at peace and where i can pray for her and her happiness and for me , i will just need someone to pray for me too one day until that day , i am a dead man walking
ramadan kareem everyone ! i want suggestions for what to make tomorrow
i work an 8 hour graveyard shift i am able to watch tv and or get light sleep for 1 5 hours depending on the occasional busy night
my opponent \( kage \) knocked me down with vtrigger 2 special move \( disappearing dive thing \) i read the raging demon and held up to jump the replay clearly shows this opponent did a raging demon after i had clearly inputted up , but i still got hit how is this possible \?
it s been 2 days and she hasn t responded to my texts i gave her my d but it wasn t enough she posted a snap dancing with tyrone last night what do i do \? should i text her again \? i already texted her twic
i am a standard player and have no intention \( yet \) to play wild , due to the fact of money i am wondering , from a dust value point of view and standard player what is worth more \? to buy the old adventures purely to dust all the legendarys \? or to pre order the expansion because they are standard therefore increasing the chance of getting viable cards \?
am i ugly \? or better question , am i uglier than i think i am \? i m used to being thought of as weird and ugly especially at school , but i find a different result in other situations i m wondering if school is more accurate or my other social environments that disagree sorry for weird phrasing , i m a bit high also not to be high maintenance but please tell me why u rated how u did , so i can improve where i m lacking also try not to base much off my verification photo cause i didn t do makeup i literately just woke up plus quarantine please tell me if i m doing this wrong i m new
sometimes i get random thoughts that they 're waiting for me to get out of the stall so they could go murder me because i'm alone and vulnerable because there 's no cameras in restrooms
hello , i have a question to ensure my visit goes smoothly due to my job limitations , i may have to quit in order to see my fiance in the uk i will be applying for a tier 4 visa to be a student when i return , however , i want to visit in the meantime when i visit , it is possible i may not have a job will this raise suspicion with border agents \? i am not trying to emigrate , just visiting for longer as i am factoring in quarantining for 2 weeks i pay rent in america and have many obligations here before i make the official move and when the proper visa is finally accepted do you think there will be any issues with my scenario \?
not sure about you guys , but at my \( old \) school , history is the one subject that gets a lot of hate my history teacher always told me even the kids who willingly chose history as an elective hated it after a while and most eventually dropped it but i think listening to his lecture was a lot like listening to someone reading me a story from a book
i'm studying for a psychology exam tomorrow , and it says all the things young adults should be doing in emergent adulthood i'm not doing most of them being financially independent , being able to provide for my family , being able to forge and nourish new friendships , being mature and more grounded nope , zero , nada i'm still pretty much a teen in the body of an adult , my mind stopped aging to cope with bullying , and now i'm fucked up how will i survive in any workplace \? they 'll probably maul me alive 23 and i'm emotionally broken , almost alone and misdiagnosed with something i do n't have not only i fucked my life , but i also destroyed the future of my family as well
i wrote a song with a particular melody in mind and once i finished the song , i always think of that melody when i try to think of another song is that good \?
the question was your friend says that aspirin causes toe nails to glow bright green does this qualify as a valid scientific hypothesis \? i answered yes , because i thought it was something that could be proved wrong , making it a valid scientific hypothesis this question has been bugging me because it was a weird one if anyone can confirm whether i got this right or wrong it d make me feel better lol
im going to replace it but cant find a legit sourc
two of my four party members are lawful good , so when we had to break into the warehouse in chapter one of dragon heist , only one of them went inside rinse and realest any time we had to enter a building
one time i existed when i didn t fucking want to someone get me out of this hell that we call earth pleas
i'm looking forward to buy one of the dlcs but i do n't know which to buy
lol idk just an idea \?
after that , everything else was made in china
looking for some safe 3ds roms , anyone know where i can find such an illusive treasure \?
also , any tips to maximize my results \? i eat pretty well i think my only major downfall is that i eat quite a bit of sugar should i quit it to get better results \?
do n't infantilize me into believing all i'm capable of is going back to my room and playing video games and leading on pedophiles for the lolz i'm capable of earning some fucking self respect and i will fight for that but i know none of you respect me i have no way to prove my worth to myself if i try to go against their covid paranoia and get a job all i will be is a disposable tool of convenience i have no way to earn self respect i know i'm trapp
im curious since the lab spawned the major forces of the super mutants as well as hurting innocents what possible legitimacy could they have for issuing 10 years of harmful research that never led anywhere \?
why does every care so much \? and since i do n't want kids i have to go chase a career or some dream \? why ca n't i just enjoy my life sit back and relax
thanks everyone i totally take comfort in knowing that everything will be alright a year or two from now even though it 's been impossible for me to medically transition before quarantine i'm ok i'm not angry or tired at all
this guy and his actions have been bothering me for the long time in both anime and manga gt ! how did he end up as a man of honour that save the day in the end \? was n't he trying to get all valuables from the safe at all costs without bothering with lives of hundreds or even thousands \? did n't he kill the machinist guy without any remorse \? did n't he also try to kill the kid without any hesitation \? why did he has that drastic change of heart all of a sudden \? did he stop robbing and killing people after the encounter with vash or what \? ! lt those episodes with him in manga and anime give me headaches when i try to comprehend them can somebody explain dynamites neon 's actions and morals \?
so for valentine s day , one of the gifts i gave my boyfriend was a playlist i made for him it s a playlist of a bunch of love songs about how i feel about him , along with some dirty songs about sex i was so excited to give him this gift that i worked on for him and this playlist has been all i ve been listening to for about the past two months when i told him about it , i barely got a reaction out of him and it hurt so much now he s not the most verbal guy in the world , but if someone did this for me i would ve been so shocked and so happy about it and i just don t get it does it sound like he s unappreciative \?
cause i turn 15 today ! sometimes i feel awful about it too because everybody is saying happy birthday or writing these other happy birthday messages and all i can do is say thank you , maybe a couple of i m glad sentences but i cant really do anything except accept it , and i feel ba
what im looking for is hard to explain , but i follow a few channels on youtube that make great content but don t necessarily require the visuals that come with it they re mostly about music though some channels that i follow to give you an idea of what i m looking for blackyspeakz , optimus , shawn cee , helloyassine a podcast i already regularly listen to is the tiny meat gang podcast , that is more like a casual discussion for an hour sorry if i m not really clear on what i want and thank you !
hey girls i'm looking for a cd to use and have fun with , but you need to be in watford as i cant travel to far will be a hotel , your place , our outdoors i'm 22 , slim , white , 5ft 7 , around 7 inches normal guy message me if your interested i know how to use a sissy and i have a lot of energy \) xx
like both desmond and the first kenway guy i'm playing seem like they 're going to fall on one side every other step or have a limp and it kind of favors a side and switches every few steps \? the swaying side to side i get but this is a bit weird \? does anyone know what i'm talking about or am i crazy or i'm just used to ezio movement \?
i still have suicidal ideation multiple times per day , and i 've attempted it twice in the past two years in fact i ca n't imagine a future where i die any way other than suicide , but hey look it 's christmas 2019 and i'm still chugging so maybe i 'll always be too much of a coward to do it and i 'll laugh at this shit in 60 years or not , who knows 4 years of dealing with this has destroyed everything i ever was as a person i'm exhausted do n't worry about responding to this , i just needed to shout into the voi
so , who are my five followers \?
finally completed 30 days of no fap only possible because of the motivation and support i got from this amazing community
let 's discuss experiences and pros and cons what time of day do you prefer to trip \? is there a particular time of day that is ideal for you , and if so , why \? how does it affect the experience \?
the lighthouse is on the moon the royal lady \( forgot name , sorry \) said something about making kasius place from this rock or something along those lines idk if it truly means anything but i know the royal inhumans family is on the moon in the comics and i m not sure about the show \( didn t watch \) so i thought maybe there could be a connection thoughts \?
really close to lvl 80 on melee zero and need a new better roid shield to get me those last few levels my current shield is 67 and is fine and all , but it takes like 8 hits with roid dmg to kill anything any
hey guys , i m going to build myself a new bass soon , and i would like to get a custom body online i have found many pre made cuts , but do any of you guys know of somewhere someone who could cut me a custom body \? thx for any feedback
nvm i forgot u r a q t
everything keeps getting worse i do n't want to give up but how am i suppose to get better when my phobia and my terror attacks are so painful and terrifying i do n't want to go through it being a guinea pig and putting my mind and body through shock when i'm already triggered by the smallest things they 'll try every med and i already know i 'll react to them i'm at a loss i'm terrified of the treatment and i'm terrified of getting worse without treatment i really need help i have to get better for myself , my husband and the rest of my family i do n't want this to be it
just for an experiment , when i have a complete cake in the bag ready to go , can i just open that to atmosphere in my tub \?
there s a tool that puts in multiple combinations to find an email address , and then has an email vertifier to find if it s a valid email but i do not remember which tool i used so i was wondering if anyone else would know \?
i 'll be super horny all day , have dinner , wait for my food to digest but still not be in the mood to play with myself kinda sucks , i felt i went from 100 to 0 just like that
i got a scarlett 8i6 \( 1st gen \) and recently bought a condenser mic that needs phantom power now i m wondering if it is safe to plug my guitar \( using jack to jack cable \) into the other multi input while phantom power is still activated \?
i ve been looking at myself for the past few weeks and feeling really huge and fat i binged way too much over the last 2 months and for sure thought i d gained at least 10 pounds i weighed myself at work tonight and weigh the exact same i did 2 months ago i think i honestly made the surprised pikachu face and my coworker \( who is also a really good friend \) just looked at me and went i think you ve got some kind of body dysmorphia thing
i know the virus is dangerous but i do n't have a problem with schools opening back up again i 'll explain why , if i have to attend digital lessons for an equal as long or even longer period as last year i do n't think i'm going to pass the next school year of course there are risks but the risks for us teens are significant lower than for adults and if we keep distance to the teacher and all the students wear masks i do n't really see a probl
i don t its weird because feeling suicidal is almost nothing at this point but actually crying never hurts less , especially since ya know nobody s there maybe it s because i rarely cry
i was watching fargo the movie and this crazy thought came to me , its fucking unbelievable that we still do n't know who the zodiac killer is i'm not talking about internet sleuths theories , i'm talking concrete dna evidence about who the zodiac killer is
this could be a regular game or a bowl game etc
so a friend told me a method that i am interested to see if it works , its related to the mixed player tradeable sbc basically you open a bronze pack for a bronze player \( maybe you can find bronzes that can sell too , thats a bonus \) then you bid for a silver player and gold player so there you have that sbc completed for around 600 coins and then you spam those sbcs and repeat does anyone tried it too here \? im tempted to try it but who knows , maybe its only a coin sink
i just feel like dying in her arms i do n't want anything she is with someone else how can she do this to me wtf is this life is there anything real in this world true love is fak
ok so i have been facing this photos app issue from quite a while whenever i want to do simple editing stuff like crop or add filter image will keeping processing even if i force close the app clearer cache , reboot etc nothing works so finally i long press the app and run on factory version app it was quick to do the editing on the lastest version 31 march 2020 latest version \( \) on the factory version old version \( \) any solution \?
preferably 18 to 20 i have a fear of my mask falling
i know we all know what cat fishing is , but twice now i have met up with guys who have used photos that are 2 years old and their actually morbidly obese now , it s still them , it s not someone else s photo what do \? i feel awful because i should like them for them and what ever but i mean how do you respond \? it s so awkward \? and also if anyone on here has done that , what did you expect the out come to be \? why do that and put your self in that weird awkward situation \? love your self ! be you ! but don t lie !
thinkin about how they just straight up removed the headphone jack and everyone just ate it including me , \) it s so annoying when you wanna play music and oh sorry i only have an aux cord or use headphones and they don t have the specific headphones for an iphone godddd it s so annoying ! ! !
i get scared , sad or angry over the smallest of things i overthink everything i do n't know how to make small or big decisions , because i'm always full of doubts most of the time i'm worried or upset about something i do n't think this is normal at all
i used to use both reddit and 4chan and i always used to realise that 4chan would create pretty original memes and then 3 , 4 maybe 5 months later i 'd see those same memes but watered down and on the frontpage of reddit reddit \( repost central \) is pretty much 4chan but 5 months ago , the same people that make fun of 4chan memes will most likely be using them in 5months time this is more of an observation than an opinion but i feel like most of you redditors tips fedora would i agree votes for hi l lary
i hate social anxiety it ruined my life wait a minute i don t have a fucking life i can t talk to anyone and it s so annoying and i want to talk to people and have friends and be happy and leave the house but noooo i have social anxiety and i fear talking to people it s so annoying
slide a finger down that crack and take a sniff to see if that ass is wack ! always a good idea to do this before you dive in with a tongue trust 
if you like this post message me the secret word , ascendance for access to the secret mastermind group make sure you are sub to r crimsonpill \( \) a reflection based on many of the people i run into these subreddits i have friends who play professional video games and love it ! they are living happy lives and see nothing wrong with playing video games 24 7 what truly is wrong is judging people for their life choices let them do what fills their lives
most people put him in the steroid discussion , he is n't welcomed back at wrigley , he is n't getting in the hof , and he lost his skin color i do n't think it hurts him if he comes out with the truth because he 's already being punished i do n't know , maybe he is clean
i'm not sure if it 's exactly elsagate or not , but the worst one my son stumbled across was scientifically accurate barney \( \) i know it 's not actually meant for kids , but it does pop up from time to time when my son goes on his dinosaur youtube binges , and it did show up on the youtube kids app at one point , though i do n't believe it was the original channel what 's the worst you 've come across \?
i'm secure about myself , but i hate talking about myself because it takes so much mental energy on my part to do it whereas when i'm listening to someone , if they talk for 5 minutes , i just keep eye contact , take away the most important points of what they said , and proceed to respond to that
it s lasted off and on for the past almost week and i m very scared it s not just anxiety or anxiety medication related can someone tell me they ve experienced something like this for that long or longer and been told it s only anxiety \? i don t go to my dr till next week but i m too scared to wait till then but i don t want to make my mom furious and rack up another hospital urgent care bill when all they say is it s anxiety again for the 10th ti
it might not be what some people would call strictly horror but its a speculative novel based on a limited nuclear exchange at the height of the cold war its really well thought out , interesting and scary and thats based just a generous estimation of what a nuclear war outcome would have been highly reccomended if you are interested in nuclear or apocalyptic fiction
and i'm gonna pursue him i dunno if he likes me or not but i 'll try wish me luck please i really need it
my head hurts bad but not as much as this utm medium ios app amp utm name iossmf does so appreciate you headach
does anyone else choose to be alone with no relationships , such as friendships and significant others \? i do this to protect myself , i get hurt and feel rejected and abandoned very easily all relationships i make do n't last very long , and it kills me when it ends i can imagine being friends with someone that has bpd can be challenging i might have sabotaged relationships and unconsciously pushed people away but here i am , all alone again , and i am tired of this process i have no energy or will so right now i am alone , safe and not affected by anyone and no one is affected by me can anyone relate \?
i never get to see my grandson anymore , but today i learned he has an xbox one , so i m looking for a game that we can play online together mind you he is only 8 , and i m not the best at video games is there anything available that we could play online together \? edit thank you for everyone that replied i ve already called and asked him about minecraft and he doesn t have it so i ll be getting it for him this weekend ! hope everyone has a great thanksgiving !
so i m at work eating lunch and suddenly i realized wow i don t feel good so i try to go back to work and i just feel so spacey and my heart is pounding and i m shaking , i m trying to just keep it together and try to relax myself but it comes back , and this stupid covid 19 stuff isn t helping anything by making me worry more i just want this to go away
just curious where people stand on this do you tip donate for use of home instances and jp mesmer portals \? how much for each \? and just for fun , if you want to say , where do you live \( at least na eu , preferably country \) \? just wondering if there 's a difference between continents and countries those of you who offer portals and home instances , what do you expect from people \? personally i usually tip 50 silver for home instance use and 20 silver for a jp portal \( sometimes i 'll throw in a consumable if it has something useful like magic find gold boon \) no idea if that is a lot or too little , i always feel like i should give more but i'm almost always low on gol
will anything come up , like anything that ll keep me from getting prescrib
so i was in the north eastern corner of the map where the legendary moose is on the left side of the train tracks i was just doing some hunting and out of nowhere a turkey comes flying down from the heavens then it just crashed into the ground and died had a good laugh about it but was wondering if anyone has experienced it too \?
fuckuck fuck why you wont go away cant talk to a simple friend without you making me ficking lose it die please ty
psn acerequiem friday the 13th , paladins , mk11 , minecraft are some of my games
\( i'm new to reddit did n't know that they did n't want questions on r philosophy \) i do n't feel like typing my whole post out again and most the text was rather redundant anyways , so here 's the short and sweet how can one ask for proof evidence of cause and effect without presupposing it 's existence \? disclaimer i am not affirming that causality does or does not exist , although i believe in some sense of causality i am simply asking a question that i have yet to answer myself or receive an answer f
there is an opening in my area for this position , and i am interested but am wondering how much of the job is actually repairing items vs talking to customers and or trying to sell them on services \? i would rather just fix things all day and if alot of the job is talking to customers \( i thought thats what the ca does \? \) then i might not be too keen on it thanks !
same idea frozen fruit , put in a processor of some kind faux ice cream \?
can someone tell me what font is being used with the hearts on top \? font \? \( \)
can anyone please tell me if there was something else other than graphs and mcqs on the exam \? \? plzzzz
i m giving up on him i just can t do this anymore he makes me feel so small how do i move on \? how can i forget about him \? is it even possible \? i feel so empty right now i ve been holding on for so long because i kept believing my mind still wants to hold on , but i have other shit to focus on do you have any advice \? i need to let go for my own good immediately i m so hurt
i eat as many cookies with my left hand as i do with my right !
i mean i want that cool look at me i m high look too , at least once i always get the droopy eyes and glossy look but not 
i m currently a sophomore that transferred into bu and the transition has been kind of rough so my grades have been a lot lower than i m used to particularly , i haven t taken a math class in almost 3 years so this calc class i m in has been destroying me \( ma123 \) should i drop pass fail this class and take ma 121 knowing i ll get a better grade next semester \? i need it to transfer into questrom and i m scared it s going to lower my gpa
hey , guys , i have just tasted the wol mod and looks good , but wish i had to see crimean tatars as a mercenary anyways is that possible to play with someone \? maybe via game ranger or whatsoever \?
i e 0 vs 0
i m so tempted to buy eco lifestyle but after hearing it s super buggy i m not sure i m a console player \( ps4 \) so has anyone on console experienced any bugs or anything when buying eco lifestyle \?
add me and make me hard jordan silver18
fall in love get hurt the en
it s 4 39 am here and i can t sleep anybody down to chat for a bit would be awesome if we have the same timezones ya know \( europe \) please send a chat also open to chat outside of reddit but only have discord to share we can also just send memes back and forth whatever you want \) i like all types of nerdy stuff because i basically have no life also take everything i say with a grain of salt because i joke too much i m genuinely just looking for a friend to talk to daily everyone seems to either disappear after one conversation which is cool but would prefer something long term also i do prefer to call than text but for now texting is fine because it s lat
i bought a switch about a month after release and i played a few games , but lack of time and money kinda made me abandon the console now that i finally have some of both , i'm interested in some of the new releases and am looking for recommendations what to play i have 1 breath of the wild 2 mario odyssey 3 splatoon 2 4 hollow knight 5 shovel knight
i m in process of dealing with my binge eating disorder now at 22 , and was wondering if anyone who has any tips for eating specifically , how to deal with cravings and my sudden appetite which has started come back since i worked on the emotional parts of my disorder last fall i have a really hard time with feeling like i need to eat the instant i m hungry to the point that i feel like i just can t control myself and i just eat the quickest , highest calorie thing i can find if anyone has gone is going through this process and has any tips they would be greatly appreciated !
i use etrade and have attempted to use trailing stops when buying etfs only to find out that , after i purchased it , trailing stops are not allowed on that etf something about pink sheets is there a way to tell , in advance , if an etf is trailing stoppable \? thanks !
school shooters gt school globes cum gt brat bug cute gt 
hi guys , i want to buy a new monitor \( monitor lc power 34 curved 100hz \) and i saw its freesync and i have now rtx 2060 will it work fine on this monitor , any ideas \? thanks
historia corta tengo un trabajo que me paga muy bien , y solo laboro dos d as a la semana \( normalmente \) tengo mucho tiempo libre y me gustar a salir a alg n sitio que me pudiesen recomendar siento que me estoy volviendo loco de estar tanto tiempo en mi casa los l
hey , i use lush caca rouge on my hair and am really happy with my red hair however , i ca n't stop wondering what it would be like to have accents of color in there purple , pink , teal , not sure maybe just at the ends or at the nape of my neck would there be anything semi permanent that would be ok to put in there \? color butter or something \? would n't want to bleach , just something that overlays amp x200b thanks !
i forget sometimes that it 's not porn where everyone is clean down there not that i was expecting so but i forget that it 's not the same if you know what i mean
and are you taller \?
em 's curse fake tears wish yawn
here 's two ways to listen to it , it 's hot garbage if you 're into that soundcloud hughes 874800418 calculating thanos net worth a cool lil website called openmiq
so this is my first playthrough of dsr and i got the td down to like 4 percent health and i went on the tower to heal , apply resin , and as i was about to plunge on him again he jumped up and yeeted me off the tower and i died , went through the area again and when i got to the tower he didn t appear no fog at all i don t know if this is a bug , or maybe he also di
i'm using general emacx 's staff , it has no charge but it 's still working , what 's the deal with that \?
i can tell something is off about him he speaks really fast and he boasts about anything that has to do with money , who he knows , who he hooked up with , and what he 's done first off i do n't care , secondly i know he 's lying , and third his energy feels bad i'm always left feeling more drained than energiz
maybe the train was n't even real in the first place \? maybe i 've just been running along blind on a treadmill all this time , and the moment i trip up it 's all over \?
5'8 160lbs mostly fit but i do n't go to the gym i have a book addiction i 've been alone for too long i travel a lot for work so usually on the road looking to find someone to settle down with not into one night stands
i keep getting mixed messages every time i read something most are included in the great rift valley like ethiopia , kenya and south africa but then i ve read somewhere how west africa or even somewhere in the sahara when it was green could ve had a sizable population just as well another question that springs to mind is were there any parts of africa that were somewhat uninhabited or did humans spread across the entire continent \?
i know that it do n't really fit here , but usually i got hate from that question why do n't every army use bullpups like austria or france few years ago \? bullpups are more compact and weight is better distributed steyr aug proved to be good gun so do most armies on the world , inwest in less compact normal guns \?
what do you guys and gals listen to when you indulge in the devil 's lettuce \? any suggestions \?
hello how are you doing amp x200b im a life coach that works on helping you reach your goals and improves every aspect as your life through goals i am offering free sessions to gain more experience i can help you reach your long term goals , and be an accountability partner amp x200b i can help you make new goals , make goals for ever aspect of your life then come up with a time management and scheduling plan to reach those goals i want to help you improve every aspect of your life so that you can find happiness aspects like personal development , social life , friends , serenity amp x200b if this is of any interest please send me a pm and feel free to message 
hi everyone , i'm just trying to meet people on here again anyways i live in az and i mostly enjoy games , politics and youtube i can be nice , so i do n't mind texting just be 14 17 i probably wo n't get any attention but whatever , i 'll still try
today was great i spent my day talking to radom people on discord some people spent my time there they was some people flexing there set up so we decide to flex with our internet speed that was fun to talk about to show our wealth beside that i just talked to some people and play video games but the game was not really fun so that was my day how was you guys day and what your plans for tomorrow
basically it 's a how do i on killing people and getting away with it i just thought it was cool
so i feel like everyone in school doesn t care at all about me i try to put myself out there and be friendly , but everyone avoids me for some reason i feel like i m getting bullied behind my back when i m gone am i really a weird kid \? i like video games , youtube , computers , cars , singing , music making , sneakers and so much 
all will die die !
i m looking for games with really good character creation \( rpg or fps \) and i was wondering if anyone had any good recommendations
i went to school to be a nurse i get super irritated when billing and money business things come up that i have to handle does anyone else \? i didn t go to school for business , i don t want to deal with that but i still have to punch in billing codes for injections and all that junk and it s super annoying i don t want to have to deal with that , i want to be able to just chart that i did it and be on with it
ok so im trynna start doing work for other people for free just to get experience and improve and all that , how \?
do you need a car to live in saskatoon \? i read a comment that a car was like 100 required in winnipeg and since i'm considering winnipeg , saskatoon and calgary , i thought i 'd check in here also , are there less jobs , less crime in saskatoon compared to winnipeg \?
can someone please explain to me what this means exactly \? amp x200b from what i understand , it 's a determinator which definition depends on the intersection of a and b so the determinator most ab is not intersective , because it does not only depenend on the cardinality of the intersection of a and b , but also the cardinality of a minus b so what determinators count as intersective , exactly \? only ab is defined as a being a subset of b does that definition depend on a and b 's intersection alone \? can complete overlap be seen as intersection \? and in the case of not all ab , which definition is a not being a subset of b \?
hello ! so i m a bit confused with my temperatures my motherboard is a gigabyte z370 aorus gaming 7 , and my cpu an i7 8700k , not overclocked my mb at tmpin0 , 2 , and 3 usually idle at around 37c , tmpin2 being at around 26 however , tmpin 1 and tmpin4 are both at 51c even while i m not doing anything on my computer i noticed with my cpu as well that when idle , it sits at around 30c but spikes as high as 55c what i m most confused about is the tmpin1 and tmpin4 temperatures on my motherboard is it normal for it to idle that high \? thanks
my full name is connor joseph bishop joseph and bishop are two word used in cristen my nickname is conman conman can be used as the word stupid so you can say my name is stupid christen thus meaning , christens are stupi
wash your hands ! !
one thing i learned today about those twat waffles is the fact that they can spit fucking acid like the toads fuck the volatiles this is why i stay out of doing stuff at night
i ve recently gave up smoking weed after constant and i mean constant use over lockdown i have a family history of alcoholism and have a very addictive personality i ve got over all withdrawals and feel great except the main problem that all i think about is smoking weed wether i m watching a movie or even going for a walk i just think about it , i miss it a lot but it s not great for me and not financially possible does anyone have any advice or tips as i m about to go back to working and will be busy but will have a lot of spare money which kinda worries me tl dr smoked a lot of weed during lockdown , just gave it up , over the withdrawals but just can t stop thinking about smoking
wait no i told someone ive been friends with for 6 years about my mental health and now i regret it because they want me to talk about it and i do n't know what to say fuck i want to end it im just gonna bottle it up more aaaaaaaaa
got some clothes i need to get rid of and figured i should post on here retail guess shirt size l 25 shipped retail nike jacket size m 30 shipped retail vans size 9 5 30 shipped retail polo size l but fits a small 20 shipped rep ferragamo belt bought off ebay size 30 25 shipped tagg
i have no background in computer science but have a design background as well as some acquired knowledge of back end and front end devs i am a little worried about the level of maths within this course so if anyone has done anything similar i would love to hear your experienc
\( \) amp x200b tuvok programmed the computer to transport him into the holodeck when he said end program and then started the program since holodecks have never actually functioned correctly in the entirety of star trek , we can count on the fact that no one will ever be able to get to tuvok for the rest of his life amp x200b now i just gotta figure out where janeway hid the body of tuvix
of fire to make animated debut in september 1 \( of fire to make animated debut in september 1 \)
i 'd like to thank everyone who 's been reporting comments from moids just beware that some may be lurking , downvoting posts , pretending to be women , or doing anything else always check people 's post history if you see a suspicious comment , and report it amp x200b i'm not able to be here all the time , but i 'll be as vigilant as i can about removing moid posts i was thinking about adding more mods to ban moids when i'm not able to what do you guys think \?
i disrespected him just now and i'm sitting in my apartment writing this i flipped out a little , only because i brought up something while we were arguing and he laughed in my face so i do admit , i did lose my temper but no one got hurt \( maybe some pride \) and i am venting here ask about our conversation i will try to depicted what happen as accurately as possibl
which is better is the c39 worth the price difference \?
hello would anyone be interested in making a group that produces edm , house and pop songs producing like record producing , where it would be getting producers , singers , working together to produce songs and it would also be music producers working together making songs together amp x200b it would be producers making songs together and a producer group that produces songs by getting other producers , singers that we can work with and that work each other amp x200b if you like good music and like making a lot of good songs comment or message me i want to make a lot of songs a month a week and want to make a group that makes 6 songs a month
i 've just played a nw match on xbox and received 3 xmas items for finishing it \? i was n't aware of a new challenge , nor that christmas was now in july
i ve always asked myself for me , i grew up extremely shy and struggled with social anxiety throughout my teens and most of my 20s i ve also always blamed my shyness on being an only child honestly , i have no other explanation for it did you grow up shy as a child and or an adult \? maybe introverted \?
i lowkey wanna start prepping now i want glass this year amp gotta make it to icdc
well i like reading , watching youtube and reading i do have a gaming pc out haven t been in the mood to play anything in the last few months i m very clingy btw i will constantly text you i do also have a rather large meme collection so hmu if you don t mind me constantly bothering you
should be airing now i wish i had japanese tv here in the states
i wo n't go into specifics but i have a crush , i told her how i feel and the feeling was not mutual what is the best way of getting over a crush and moving on \?
i am not sure if it 's from the era of art nouveau or art deco or designed to look like it 's from that era thoughts \? leads \?
try it using my code and we ll each get 5 wksmwxh x000
i m fuming right now i can t access my account anymore it had all my holidays pictures , my graduation pictures , etc i can t log in anymore because they are claiming i was pretending to be someone else i really want to cry and punch someone in the face if i find out who did it they will pay
she calls everyone fake when she is the fakest person in the house she s calling her alliance members villains when she is the biggest villain she talks like she s better than everyone else and is the puppet master controlling this season she gets mad when people try to make moves against her but doesn t own up for her bull shit
your in online classes and you fall asleep naked but your teacher some how got your camera to turn on now your whole chest and face is visible , you become a meme how do you react \?
and even if you did , no worries man ! this is the beginning of a new year ! imagine how happy you ll be by this time next year when you ve gone a year without it \? let s enjoy this great day it s an accomplishment regardless ! i will go on to say the last time i fapped was 2020 and i will keep it that way forever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 2020 was the last time i watched pron or fapped it ended there 2021 , not a single relapse will happen ! remember your why fellas ! keep going strong this is a new life for us ! enjoy the day today my brothers !
like yeah they have some songs that everyone knows but all their interesting stuff , usually goes under the radar like intergalactic gets a few million but like i do n't know gets barely anything and think that their experimentation is often overlooked by the mainstream when you ask people of they like beastie boys they say yeah but most the time is only a faint liking of them like creep to radiohea
i emailed them muiltiple times with no reply at all and even submitted age verification no approval yet either i even paid for a monthly support account before being banned that i ca n't even use the tokens i purchased how do i cancel this since they will never reply anyway \?
fuck off i'm mad again
long story , me and her are very close and really good friends i wouldnt mind being in a relationship with her and ive been thinking already for the last months whenever this corona shit is over ill ask her to hangout and then ill tell her how i feel
let s chat it out add slade grey on snapchat
i recently lost my 3 am partner and i legit miss her right now , i have no one to talk to and that just makes me think bout her more it hurts man , it hurts a lot
i 've been playing far cry 5 for almost a dozen hours now , and i'm loving it however , when i played far cry 3 , i did n't like the gameplay as much i loved the characters , plot , and setting but i just despised the gameplay in the game i enjoy gameplay types like watch dogs , the batman arkham series , bioshock , prey , and zelda botw i like games that are open world but you have a clear objective , which is why i dislike games like just cause 3 where you are mindlessly completing tasks instead of having a clear task you need to complete will i like far cry 4 and far cry primal \?
hey all , i thought i had read somewhere that the dining halls will only be grab and go meals or something like that but now can t seem to find it in any of the info pages \? does anyone have any info or know what s what \? thanks
any reason to think it might be delayed or not a great product at launch \?
i 've recently been trying to improve my singing technique at home but i'm not exactly sure how it feels to actually sing and breathe properly \? also how do i know if i'm using my chest voice or my head voice \?
and i'm not even that abnormal regular looking dude no handicaps or anything no crazy story this is just what happened some days life does n't allow you to be numb to it more than others it is what it is i'm not gonna do anything about my situation not because it 's a conscious choice , just because time will have passes and i 'll have not done anything
but i ca n't get tested for any stis and i want to die i want to hurt my stomach and do it hard please help me i do n't want to relapse i do n't want to be this fucked up
i ca n't manually guide the missiles with the targeting camera on neophrons or wipeouts anymore anyone else notice this \?
my anxiety is getting bad , like i frequently have panic attacks at work and in medical settings i have a doctor 's appointment tomorrow over the phone to get a prescription i took lexapro a couple years ago but did n't give it a full chance i'm currently in uni and my exams are in a few weeks i still have alot to get done should i wait to start it because of the side effects in the first two weeks or should i just start it \? and does it help with panic attacks \?
i was a santa and sent a gift , but never got one myself is that just what happens \?
i m also feeling flat down there could this be due to no porn stimulation \?
soooo i'm 18 , but i still need my parents' approval for things like that \( my country 's laws \) my parents never ever let me go and take horse riding lessons when i was young i began to like horses once again lately \( long story why i lost my liking , though never hated them \) i really wanna try it and a few other people in my class are taking riding lessons , so this would be a good topic to talk about a bit of background , my dad hates horse sports and my mom is deadly afraid of them x \( if you have any tips , i would be glad to read them !
someone told me on a different sub that its harmful to try to abstain from fuflling yourself when you 're really sprung that it can lead to innapropriate outbursts \( i guess like pedophilia \? \) and health issues i'm a single female but have been really struggling to stop masturbating because in my faith masturbation is a sin sometimes certain times of the month make it extremely hard to abstain or when i accidentally see something on social media that triggers me if i were to just get up and fight the urge to give in , would it harm me in any way \? i worry about what that person told 
amp x200b format pjpg amp auto webp amp s f6fa7e405451e744e35074e184d03ffe23c414f
m21 , 120 lbs i 've been doing 50 pushups everyday day and i eat 3 meals a day and for some odd reason im always hungry shortellu after i eat sometomes my arms feel slightly weak when i feel hungry what is wrong with me \? i do n't smoke or drink alcohol
i think an indian musical group in the mainstream would change how people perceive india smh makes me sad when they have other countries but never india just wanted to rant thnx by
i 've never had anyone i just do n't want to be alone anymore until i have someone nothing is worth living for it 's only a matter of time until i try killing myself again
i know nobody can help me with this , i just know that i m completely stressed and worn out the idea of sex or my relationship makes me want to kill myself i m so tired of things being one si
i ll do the thumb thing
i have a cousin who s 5 years younger than me who always complains about every little thing i do if i don t do something right or if i m not good enough at something or if she is doing something better than me she has to bi ch about it and show off in front of me it s so annoying i feel like telling her stfu your not my mother anyone else have a family member who s like this \?
glass is basically an invisibility cloak because if you think about it it s completely invisible , you can see a faint outline but you can t really see what the glass actually looks like especially if it has no colour , it s better camouflage than like an army uniform can t we just take the principle of glass and invent an invisibility suit that works the same way to make humans see through \?
i am working on a project idea that meshes live hypno sessions over skype or discord and being recorded various types of stories to tell in the trances , might be a good way to explore kinks and fetishes script of the induction will be shown ahead of time along with the discussion of what will happen during the session if you would like to know more please do contact me and we can discuss amp x200b requirements at least 18 years of age \( \( most likely will require proof of it \) \) cis female an interest in hypnosis atleast two hours to set aside for a session
i want my boyfriend to train me into some form of pavlovian response , like him saying a word or phrase and me just getting incredibly horny from it but can that stop me from getting horny other ways \? i'm not well versed in psychology like this
if you like this post make sure you message me the secret word millionaire , to get access to the secret mastermind group for more quality advice follow r crimsonpill \( \) i have become much more focused now i can accomplish small victories every day unlike many of my peers , i do n't feel disappointed with life or feel the weight of my shoulder to succeed rather , i already succeed a little victory a day
it always seems like the group chats i join always die down or stop whenever i talk in it why \? why \? why \? why does everyone hate me \? why do i get bullied by everything and everyone \? am i really that pathetic \? what is wrong with me \? how come no one likes me \? why does everyone i meet bully me \?
i'm lonely and am in search of online real life friends must be between 18 20 to play video games with and also chat it 's easier to type than to talk \) anyone have ideas on how a shy person can get a male friends \?
i hate feeling so lonely i feel like every guy i m with that i m putting in more work then them to make it work and i always end up with guys that are not financially stable i grew up sort of poor i want someone who s already established and can help me get there \( support my dreams , give ideas , etc \) i want a knight and shinning armor \( i know it sounds lame \) i hate that i m still single after all this time and everyone else seems to find someon
i just started playing elder scroll online im looking for somebody to play it with i play on xbox1 i dont care if u are a girl im a lay back person whan it come to gaming
i was curious if it s still unknown and i should just go to another county for a hair cut \( i haven t had one in 6 7 months \) , or wait like 2 3 weeks 
today is my 9th day in but came so close yesterday in the shower does this get easier \? is it ok to fail \?
cells do they keep you in a cell \? cells
i feel so much better lighter i know that whatever happens to me , it is just life because i am finally trying to right all my wrongs i feel so happy i don t have anyone else to share with , thank you for listening
pm for my kik very curious to see if id stand a chanc
it 'll be tough to make it to the next paycheck but my medical debts are finally clear ! i learned not to go the emergency room unless you will actually die from not going \( i was very sick but not worth what i paid \)
i have like 5 mental disorders and i get bored easily so yea um i love music it s my only coping mechanism and i ll tell you all my traumas
so i'm a female , thirteen , i'm pretty bored and looking for some online friends it would be great if you have discord but it 's completely fine if not hmu
you order it iced , it s way too cold you order it hot , burns your tongue the stuff is so bitter that you add milk to sweeten it , but then it just tastes bland so i hangout with someone , particular girls , and they wanna get coffee like bitch , i wanted something to eat , and you take me to starbucks ! why aren t you drinking it cause it s too hot let it cool
hey looking for another 3 people to make a team for the tourney am in england so it d be nice for people to be in that sorta region anyone welcome message if youre interested \)
why can men never show emotion \? why are we forced to be stonewall fucking jackson \? i just want to show my emotions for once instead of putting on a facade i just wanna be happy but whenever i open up , i m laughed at so i just gotta shove it all back inside again i just wanna off myself at this pint because of how much i ve been mistreated people say men have it easy , it is the complete opposit
is there something like the beats solo headphones that is also waterproof \?
this subreddit was made for anyone who are interested in kitchen if you wanna share your fancy meal or recipe go ahead and do it !
is a practice thats sentries ol
just expect me to be bitter rn so u ve been warn
i'm very sensitive and it 's hard not to get caught up in my emotions i do n't know how to deal with my anger in a way that 's healthy i do n't want to take my feelings out on anyone but in the moment it seems so impossible not to explode all i can think to do is walk away but that 's not always an option or even appropriate what should i do \? i thought i 'd ask y'all since you 'd understand i'm not in the mood to be told to meditat
i am quite new to react i have a map of movies in a component when i click on one of them \( by the movie 's picture \) i want more information about the movie to show up \( aka the movie 's title and short text \) but what actually happens is when i click on the movie 's picture information about every movie shows up , how do i change that \? here is my code the code formats better in pastebin
so be it work or friends i 've realised \( over months if not years and even more so in the isolation \) that i am in the wrong circles partially because i do n't know me , but its like everyone i know only talks games or kids or crude jokes and drinking none of which is any interest at all unfortunately a lot of them rely on me thanks to isolating and the fact me leaving would cause harm means i'm left with no one not a single sole i can talk to and no way to find people or myself any tips \? during isolation or after \? there 's no groups i can join and no volunteering that fits around work
i went to a wheel shop and they had a few i really liked here are the three \( \) they also have rotiform \( year 2015 amp make volkswagen amp model jetta amp drivebody fwd 4 20dr 20sedan amp submodel se amp size 18 20inch amp color candy 20white amp page 1 amp wheel buc 20matte 20black amp finish machined amp currenttab wheels amp brand rotiform \) what do you guys like better \? what do you guys have on your jetta \?
hello i'm a single male in london ontario looking for a fwb or hookup i'm willing to drive up to an hour outside of london i'm a laid back guy who also loves a good conversation and to make people laugh
it could be something physical or a certain personality , i dont really care lma
so what do you guys think of trav 's idea to have theme park rides on his tour \? what do you think they will look like \?
i can t stop crying
i'm currently 17 years old , 5 ft 10 , and 176lb i do n't want to have sex until i'm at least 130lb i find my self being very intrigued by sex these days as well as very horny , i know it 's just probably my teenage hormones i also ca n't take my sexual needs out because i do n't know how to masturbate i tried triggering my self many times even with lubricant it did n't feel right it 's not like i have a partner either that can go down on me plus with my fat thighs he 'd probably get suffocated down there i know not every one 's first time feels nice , but i really want to know you lots experienc
it 's been disheartening and i'm awake in the middle of the night and all i want is to feel safe in a primary relationship in a world where people are all too quick to drop each other i'm starting to think i have no idea how to build healthy relationships and i worry i'm too broken for it my head has been foggy and i do n't know why i'm still trying
people are downvoting your post or writing hate comments just because your opinion is controversial for example when someone says i do n't like burgers another person says kys , burgers are awesome fuck you retard what 's even the point of this sub right now \? i do n't get it
me semi productive eats junk food but works out job hunts a little now im extremely anxious i dont wanna be anywhere and my bf is so idk idk i hate my bf right now im splitting
i have no friends and i am hoping to make some here something quick about me i like gaming , i like among us , minecraft , brawl stars and sometimes i play fortnite but only to spend time with my cousin my fav artist is juice wrld , i like rap music i also love watching memes and chatting with people i also like dogs i like marvel and dc series and films i you want to be my friend , text me then
amp x200b natural curly glasses \( format pjpg amp auto webp amp s 6c0c1dc339a195f20bbafead6069a4ac375142b2 \) straightened and without glasses \( format pjpg amp auto webp amp s daeee1af516b41820e6fff587db10d0b43deedf9 \)
this is the excruciating part of secret santa stalking a tracking number for 2 weeks , to see it is soooooooo close , but still so far away hey do i live on an island that is so far away from the rest of the world \? answer we have vegemite , that s why !
and do you think it as affected you in any way \?
so i met this guy on the internet about a month ago we ve hung out about five times and facetimed a bunch more he s great and i really like him it s a relationship that i can actually see going somewhere the only thing is that earlier today , i met up with him and he said that he loved me it took me by surprise since i don t think that we know each other very well is this a red flag \? or is it maybe a good thing \?
i ve got nothing going for me , even though i have it good in my life every thought i have is constant fear of the future , and it s terrible every hobby new thing i ve tried ends in giving up not having the courage to do it again i wanna go to sleep and stay asleep
heyo ! just a goofy gal that likes wine a little too much looking for some fun people to talk to rapid fire conversations are the best kind , and an easy way to tell if we click recently got back into playing games , i have a few on pc and ps4 tv show binger i have a corgi and two kitties that i absolutely love honestly just want someone i can shitpost and share obscure memes with i have discord send me a chat thanks !
i just learned that kizuna ai and the rest of the ai youtubers arent real ais , now i know you 'll think i'm stupid for believing that ais have motions and talk with a cute voice and stuff but i knew those were human work , just disappointed because there maybe not even an ai related thing about these things
i m still looking for tarrabah but i m wondering if i can still play the same raid over and over on the same character this week to grind for it or if they patched that i don t remember if they di
i did him yesterday , and played 2 games in div 5 rivals and he scored 1 pen , but overall he was decent anyway i want to hear how fellow prime rui costa sbc , users feel about hi
im on 25 mg valium but last time i took my pills were a day ago , can i take 50mg morphine \? i havent fucked with opioids in a long time so i miss me s
there s a story i ve been trying to write for a while , but there s always this single vague detail that i can t seem to elaborate on in a way that satisfies me i can never seem to get past the base idea and 3 characters which is really frustrating because i love the idea and characters i ve made so far a lot and i don t want to just leave this as a bunch of vague , half baked ideas any advice on how to combat this \? if you want me to elaborate on something i can
father it 's me , michael i did it i found it it was right where you said it would be they were all there they did n't recognize me at first but then they thought i was you and i found her i put her back together , just like you asked me to she 's free now but something is wrong with me i should be dead but i'm not i 've been living in shadows there is only one thing left for me to do now i'm going to come find you i'm going to come find you
just curious if you can add something to your bud to make it taste better like a couple drops of syrup or something
it s around 5 30 pacific time and still no score for the november 1st sat should i be concerned \?
good morning group today is thankful thursday and i just released the daily meditation video for each day a new beginning click the link below to join the meditation and fill your day with an inspiring message of hope it is time to set your goal for the day or you can use mine it is going to be a wonderful day !
how do i make my mom happy to be around me she blames everything on me and each day i think ab killing my self more and more she s going to drive me to that point soon
it used to be dry but not so much with moisturizer , so i cant tell my skin typ
might seem weirdly specific but i ve been wanting to find a place like this
it was posted on this subreddit before but it 's no longer there i think can anyone post it \? it 's basically a geralt with funny white trash style haircut and those sunglasses
are there any cards that make a non legendary permanent legendary \?
let s not forget what the liberals did over the summer burning buildings and police cars oh wait , wrong sub
i m male uk
why wont anyone be kind \? \? \?
hello ! i m a male 19 , comes from kentucky , plays video games a lot and doesn t have anyone to talk to if you think you d like to talk i d gladly talk to you just message me or something if you like playing games too then i bet we can find a game we can play together or just talk about whatever yes i know i don t use punctuation don t get mad at me for it i m just a dummy
hey guys , currently living in michigan , and i forgot to go anting for queens this year and im sorta new around town do any of you know if its too late this year for me to go anting \? thanks !
i cannot store the information of a book to my long term memory and only to my short term memory and so the information gets cluttered and i am unable to decode and interpret the meaning of the book i am reading so it s like i m reading nonsense with no language to it and it s because i have no imagination , i can not visualize what i read so it makes it harder to remember and understand what s going on how can i resolve this \?
as salamu alaykum , are you someone who has the intention , ambition , and desire to make dawah through community service \? do you seek to connect with other nova millennials to ideate and execute a vision for collaboration \? do you believe in the power of community and local institutions \? if so , i would love to connect with you to discuss a startup i am working on \( in the incubation stage \) please pm me , and upvote for visibility jazak allah khai
the day has come image \( \)
will someone please , please kill me i am a total waste of space i m useless
you know , because he 's a duel typ
free vanilla cake recipe this cake is amazing the one thing the recipe doesn t do that i love doing is adding sprinkles to the batter so make it look like a funfetti cake and making it look extra festive ingredients 2 cups \( 420 gr \) granulated sugar 1 cup \( 226 gr \) unsalted butter , softened \( 2 sticks \) 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 4 cups \( 560gr \) self rising flour 2 cups \( 450ml \) whole milk \( you can substitute with any plant milk you like \) 2 tablespoons
i cant even control it , not even a little , im trying to but i cant i turn autoagressive af each time something is wrong and its so easy for me to get on the edge i start to pull my hair , punch myself , scratch myself till blood so far hes cuddling me but i know hes fed up with me acting like a fuck up i would be fed up with that too im just so mean to myself in my head i cant , i talk myself into sucide and i cant fucking do it i wish someone would kill me already
i m a trans ssbbw working towards 500lbs , i m 22 i love video games , weed , adventures and exploring , i m a feedee looking for a feeder , i love marvel movies and comedy s , i love buffalo wings burgers and ice cream , i love animals and collecting nerdy things , i love zelda , kingdom hearts , power rangers also a big fan of cuddles anyone wanting to play a game or somthing \? i have switch , ps4 , xbox one , pc ect and would love to play avengers with a few peopl
i just wanna lay naked on my bed is that too much to ask
do you guys feel that some books just do n't work as audiobooks \? can you think of examples of books that are better read on paper than listened to \?
i know that this might not be the time ask such a question but i would like some opinions as i cant find any info on the internet does anyone have any idewa when we will be allowed to fly internationally again \?
g 'day everyone ! i'm new here ! single , owned by birds , in australia \( where our amazon sucks ! \) , currently not working \( made redundant \) , had to put my beautiful alexandrine parrot to sleep a month ago , job interviews happening next week , love love love baking , made 11 large gingerbread houses this year and 95 small ones , thats a lot of sugar \( \) no kids and it 's bloody hot how are you all doing \? edit 2 30am and i need to sleep ! thank you everyone for the warm welcome i think i 'll be a regular here !
assuming that hair is permanent do you still have to take fin \? what if you go full bald and then transplant \? i have a good ammount of hair still i m just weighing my options incase i take finasteride and it only works briefly i at no cost want to bald and would def get a transplant
my name is brittany , i m 27 years old and disabled due to pots syndrome it s a type of dysautonsmia amp cardiac disorder my dog , piper is starting training october 1st , 2020 and we need help raising some money to pay for her service training after all is said and done , her training amp resource cost \( support harness , id , certifications \) will cost around 5 , 500 we appreciate anything donated , shares , or even just reading our story below is the link to our fundraising piper s service animal training \( \)
hello , i was just wondering if any of your parents make you study even on days off or do they just let you study when you want and let you do your thing some insight will be appreciat
i'm not great at making friends and i 've never made a real online friend i get a bit jealous when i hear people say they have a friend from another country since it seems really cool ! i 've been in many different communities over the years but it seems no matter which community i'm in no one really wants to be friendly with me how do i make myself more approachable and not be boring in conversation \?
does it mean that the thing is definitely x , or does it mean that the thing is decidedly not x \?
hey guys , so i have committed to a grad school for a master 's program i inquired about some funding before but they did n't have money for funding , so i could n't get it \( that was alright , i loved the campus and program so i was happy and committed today i got a call and they offered me a 3k scholarship ! i'm so happy ! it makes a huge difference thank you universe ! i felt like a pinata for the past few weeks , so this is awesome just had to share , thank you for listening !
we have rpg , music and levelling bots we also have a certain android sent by cyberlife and an ever growing community admin will be granted to those who prove their worth to thanos thanos did nothing wrong discord \( \)
hi i ve been a hair enthusiast since 8th grade , many of my friends family have trusted me with their hair cuttings , perming , etc no license whatsoever so i trim and color my hair most of the time i have used highlights to color big chunks of my hair covering most of it i want to keep it this way but also want to make sure it s not over processed trying to grow it in the meanwhile what products are available to the public that are recommendable \?
hello guys , so this is a subject i would like to hear you discuss what do you think about the power of faith when using the law of attraction \? is it enough to have faith that it will happen without doing anything at all or you need to start doing things and work it out \? tell your experiences in this thread and let 's hear your opinions ! also , check my blog post to hear mine attracting qualities of successful people faith \( attracting qualities of successful people faith \)
i always used to feel somewhat like this , but it s getting even worse now i can t even walk to school without feeling a constant sense of impending doom and i have no idea why i just hate when i m looked at , i guess i always feel like i m doing things wrong , like i look bad , like i don t deserve what i have i don t even want to do things that i used to enjoy i don t even want to go to a concert i ve been excited about for months anymore even though music is pretty much all that makes me happy i hate the feeling of being judged and i m so tired of having to be seen by people all the time i wish i could just live in my b
i'm 28f in the uk i 've got a little money , but going abroad is n't a great idea right now , so i'm thinking about going somewhere in the home country i want a place to explore , and feel a sense of excitement to break up this dreadful monotony but i do n't want to be scared every time i walk outside because i'm a lone woman any suggestions \?
i m using vanilla reddit app on ios sometimes i click into a post and the top comment is left blank i can even see the username and the votes , just not the content itself even the replies immediately following are viewabl
hey i m just a girl looking for friends too chat with long term quarantine is boring and i would love a friend i like anime , video games , cooking , baking , and reading so let s find someone in common to chat all about
it just seems unbelievably useful and cool its making me consider the v30 a lot more strongly leaning towards the pixel 2 still because of the software and unlimited cloud storage stuff
hey guys my google pixel 2 just broke , had this iphone 6 as spare phone using it as daily i have two issues with the device 1 \) the map doesnt work , i mean it will mark the location and everything but the pointer wont move i tried all the methods of reinstalling , factory reset , location on all time nothing works 2 \) when i keep the device for charge and i use my phone , the phone will lag jitter , this will only occur when charging and using , otherwise its fine also not an issue but is there no way to have dark mode \? for whatsapp and setting especially i miss
a handful of vegan influencers whom i ve been following over the years have given up veganism they always say that they had to listen to their bodies and go back to consuming animal products it irks me there is no animal product that our bodies need a vegan diet can be as healthy or unhealthy as you make it what bothers me is that these people with large followings are making it sound like veganism is not healthy or practical if you decide to quit being vegan , just be honest and say that you wanted to , not that you needed t
my friend came over today and he saw my sh he asked what happened and i said my cat , but he is not stupid he asked if i was sad but i could n't give him an answer i really do n't know do i do it because i'm sad , stressed , or to punish myself \? he did n't judge me for it though he just told me he always going to be there for 
about me hello , i'm blue ! i'm a m bi 17yrs old i'm a capricorn and an infj i'm currently having an emotional turmoil right now and i badly need someone to talk to or vent out i'm used to having one night chat and i'm fine if you are going to choose that or unless you choose to have a long term , but kind of low maintenance friendship my interests are books , arts , nature , politics , self care , and philosophy i'm pretty much an advocate as a person
hello ! european accent , relatively funny , can discuss very serious questions but acceptably good at lightweight topics as well looking for a lady who 's kind , thoughtful , somewhat traditional in her worldview
any link , youtube , ign , gamespot , google search
hello all i'm 24m a month ago i experienced a very difficult time urinating followed by a bit of dysuria as well as some testicle pain this persisted for 2 weeks give or take then went away and symptoms subsided a bit \( still had a bit of dysuria \) fast forward till now the testicle pain is back as well as the dysuria and i'm frequently urinating as well \( but no urinary retention \) i do n't think its an std because the last time i had sex was with my ex back in september and symptoms like the difficult urination makes me believe it 's indeed a form of prostatitis i have a teleappointment with my doctor tomorrow to discuss possibilities what do you guys here think about my symptoms \?
hi everyone ! i had just noticed today that when i turn my car headlights on , the gear indicator lights \( prnd \) no longer show when i turn the headlights back off , the indicator lights turn back on the light does not appear to be dim it is currently snowing by me , so could the weather possibly be a factor \? any suggestions and advice would be greatly appreciated , thank you !
i think i have a learning issue i don t understand why i can t do learning and learn studies or learn skills i now understand why my life is miserable and trash because of this issue and i ve even had it since 3rd grade i feel like an absolute loser and i ve started to question my life and career dad says that i need to try harder in learning and the reason i have these bad grades is because i m truly a stupid loser person if i almost failed 3rd grade i might fail high school and go to some stupid community college and get a ged another reason why i hate myself , if i can t learn anything i can t learn how to make games or art or anything because i m not a good learner and i just want to learn
so i have n't had a period since january \( birth control \) and suddenly it decides to start again on friday the 13th and now i'm on day 7 of bloooood and no hard sex acts fuck periods , delete the uterus stop bleeding pls
i m looking to simply chat with anyone who is willing to give me a chance i want to give someone attention but i don t have anyone we can talk about anything ! if it goes sexual , i m fine with that , if it goes more tame , i m fine with that too i really want to talk to somebody regularly i could be your goodnight text and goodmorning text i love being able to give a woman attention because when a woman is satisfied , i m satisfied i can listen to your problems hear about your day rants that you have frustrations you want to get off of your chest i am willing to do it all dm me if you want to talk !
looking for a white nasty guy that s with his guy friend or his brother and that will both pull out there dicks and take a picture of them i will tell you who i think is bigger or if i like them both then i want you both to be my slaves if that sounds like you send me a message thanks
anyone have any advice here \? i can t help but still be angry at the people from my past who made me the way i am when i think about them i want to break things still it s been a long time but still when i think about them it makes the rest of the day or week hell for me so much so that when people do stupid little dumb things it seems to be a lot worse i thought i was over this but because of some recent events happening in my life i ve realized i m still not anywhere close to forgiveness for most of these people i don t know how to let go of that rage and shame and it eats me alive inside and makes me a pretty bad person to be around sometimes
i'm a student , i write poetry , i'm a kind hearted sweet person and will treat you right provided you do the same , i'm always nearly available unless i'm sleeping , i'm excellent listener and would love to be your shoulder , i have a avid interest in music , tv series and movies , they 're basically my life , that 's kinda sad i know , i want you surprising me , making me feel special and i swear make you the same , i'm also very huggable \) see you in my 
indica dominant strains just put me on my ass i don t feel high , my head isn t buzzing , i just feel tired man if i wanted to be tired i d run a marathon sativa makes you feel the head high of the sticky icky , and you feel relaxed best of both worlds if you ask 
netflix says that we share at least 6 shows in common with each other what are your favorite netflix shows \? list yours mines are parks and rec shameless the flash stranger things the originals big mouth stranger things daredevil jessica jones izombie hello , my twenties unbreakable kimmy schmidt
i remember and getting a notification from shipped not too long ago about there being a change in the pay to where you can cash out the same day , does anyone know when that will take affect \?
where s the best place to actually report bugs \?
i may be lonely , sad , heartbroken , bored and wanting to die but i still being a funny guy to talk with \)
nobody wants you to die nobody hates you nobody wants to kill you dont worry my name is nobody
what do i do \? is my account gone forever \? i had money pending , so what happens with that \?
i 'd prefer someone from the uk but i'm not too bothered particularly , i'm also not bothered about age or gender i have no one to talk to so send a message if you 're looking to chat
is there a way to edit a race to make it spawn as say atomic age \?
do i just use a usb drive or wont that work i have alot of rips im talking 4tb worth but dont know what way thats the best to play it on the ole 4k t
today carnegie mellon had a webinar and i asked a question whether deferrals and gap year students are going to impact the size of the applicants this fall at least for cmu , they said it won t impact much since deferrals are a short percentage i know the deferrals and gap years will probably impact us in some way , but for me it was kind of relieving to hear that
i'm not talking about the sleeper agent noise this one sounded like something from zombies but i was at estates and nowhere near zombie spawns anyone know what it is \?
i'm looking to play games and share memes with , maybe talk about our days i'm not really into mmos , but i will try yours out i was taken by wow for years \)
if that even makes sense \?
hi things have been really rough for me and i think i 've reached my lowest point ever there seems to be nothing going well in my life and i 've lost motivation to do whatsoever there is this void in me that i just so desperately am trying to fill but ca n't i just feel really helpless can anyone give me words of support and encouragement \? i know people will say things will get better but i'm just too tired at this point i just want to feel loved and not like i'm a burden thank you \)
my boyfriend is never the expressive type i always tease him for being emotionally constipated as he always chokes on his words when he s trying to communicate his feelings today , my boyfriend told me that my heart is big , beautiful , and full of love through a text message i did not tell him but i teared up because i was so touched man , i love this guy so much
i told my boss a few weeks ago i was planning on moving to a different state i gave him a soft date on which i would be leaving he wants me to submit my letter soon so that they can open the job posting i m concerned that they would fire me after submitting it this week would be about a month before i move should i wait to submit it \? i live in a right to work stat
time to play flacco \?
has kept showing up on the search results in every engine , please delete the account cache entirely
my friend is really talented and makes a lot of rap songs so my class convinced him to make a youtube channel and he did i listened to it and it was straight fire if you all want to support him on his journey , here is the link \( \) if you want please like , subscribe , and share it with your friends also comment saying reddit sent you i'm trying my best to get this out to many people thanks in advanc
last time i ended up in a hospital ten months ago for 6 months i have n't felt that much desire to kill myself i meditated a lot , tried to stay positive but life has n't given me any damn thing i want love , i want happiness i wish this pain would just en
requirements \( yes that means that you must do all of these \) crossdressing ass play forced bi humiliating amp embarrassing tasks cum eating \( your own and others \) pee recycling \( ingesting your own \) pic and video tasks \( all including your face \) be open to getting knotted \( google \) my very favorite thing to do \( and a requirement \) is pimping a sub out symbolically no involved to dom males local to them , and having the dom 's record everything with the sub 's cell phone yes , that means you will be meeting with them in person contact me with your age , height , weight , location , kik name , and complete list of your limits
i'm unable to update my mac , i'm currently on 10 14 6 \( yes i know i have n't updated in a while \) and now that i'm finally trying to update to the newest version it gives me an error forbidden what do i do \? how do i fix this \? \(
this is great news , because this is a huge hit for the industry not only that , there will be less shady content festering within the platform all together double win ! let 's hope this is the kickoff to the downtrend of this egregious websit
i love the films moral and the way it tells the story , complimented by the soundtrack looking for more films like this
on winter break christmas break at home till next semester begins i get pretty lonely i recently came out of a long term ldr some facts about me 27m , 6ft , chubby but starting to work on myself and my looks i have a short beard too \( if that counts \) just looking for someone to talk to and tell them how my day was and listen to them too , maybe have a connection and eventually go on virtual dates , and meetup if we feel there is a connection
should i pull the trigger \? coming from an i5 6400 amp gtx 1060 3gb system amd ryzen 1600 amd wraith gainward geforce gtx 1070 8gb team elite 16gb ddr4 2400mhz asrock a320m dvs motherboard pulse power plus 80 bronze 500w sandisk ssd plus 480gb aerocool v3x advance orange edition
if they cant see water do they think that they are flying or floating \?
i fucking hate when some social justice moron goes omg that's racist ! ! ! and tries to get you banned and doxxed sweetie , sweetie 1 the internet and these websites do not belong to you if the site owners wanna ban or delete , they can they 'll decide it is n't your place 2 yes it was racist so \? who died from it \? who got hurt \? nobody , so stfu casual verbal racism on social media is n't really a bad thing it 's just words on a screen you 'll live seriously , the world is racist get the fuck over it , unless it 's physically hurting you stop assuming that every person saying some racist thing is a murderer or nazi or what
so i posted on here yesterday how i was starting out and needed tips player here what can i do to get better \( \) i 'd like to thank everyone who helped out because now 19 games into this game i secured my first win ever , i was using gibraltar and i got 3 kills \( could be better but my teamates helped out more \) so yeh thank you all so much for the awesome welcome and useful advice \)
my leaf propagations are doing much , much better than my actual plants , which are succumbing to rot and such i use small pots , gravel as my substrate , and have drainage holes but it seems like the water remains trapped i suspect that my props are doing better because unlike potted succs their roots can air dry quickly i'm wondering if anyone has tried keeping their succs in a prop like growing setting \( so , not potting them the traditional way \) and what that looked like i'm getting kind sick of dealing with rot
i'm sitting on a bench at six flags i'm tired and my hands are col
hey , i'm looking for some people who want to be friends and talk i game to pass the time during this quarantine on pc and ps4 i normally produce media , do art down to talk about what
hey guys , let me first say that i dont want to feel su cidal i really want to continue , but i honestly dont see a purpose ive lost the ability to want things to try to save my relationship i tried to better myself and get rid of pride anger jealousy and lust altough the relationship failed anyway because i cared too much and became emotionally instable and said some really dumb things i gotta accept that its over but i really need some meaningfull things to do now anyone got tips \?
i am asking this because almost every adult around me says it is it really that hard \? this statement really made me nervous about living life ideally i am only 19 , and i mostly spend free time all by myself , never went into doing bad things because i'm scared of life itself i'm scared if i get too happy idk is life really that scary and hard \?
i started a new game and am unable to get a shiny stone until way later , can someone please be kind and give me two shiny stones and an eevee \? i 'll give you an axew and budew haha i know it 's not much but it 's all i ha
i saw a news whereas her motion to attend online senate sessions was denied by a court i wonder if , without her physical presence , she still can vote , legislate , etc or maybe someone represents for her \?
i m just imagining being at a party and just half sitting on a ledge while having a friends with benefits who is a skinny asian chick in front me with her ass pressed up against my dick and i m just having my hands on her thighs and we are just chilling some men are doing that and they are very lucky , i want that
don t get me wrong , i love marvel and i think people think marvel is better because they have a good track record , but that s it , good infinity war , thor ragnarok and guardians of the galaxy are great but the others are ok but dc when they make an excellent movie just beats all of those films for me , to name a few joker , the dark knight , the dark knight rises and batman begins
plz dm so i know to follow back h000 13 insta
i then sneak her from her boyfriend and we have mad , hot sex on the floor of a grocery store with people looking at us like something was wrong , and we finish as security broke us up from each other , never to see each other again them feels bois , them feels f
do i really feel like just ass lately or am i just pretending , why the fuck am i unmotivated to do literally anything and why am i being an asshole to everyone who tries to talk to me irl
idk , im fun im aaa nice im also very good company so why wouldnt you want me \?
my brother gonna grow up with a fucked up mind my mom semi cares and whenever i try to stop my dad he punches me my brother keeps crying and my parents do 3 things 1 give him ipad and open youtube \( i 've warned them this affect his brain but they just say why d0nt you tak3 care of h1m \) 2 be actually nice towards him 3 beat him \( my dad only \) i'm sick of this shit i ca n't go to the polic because my mom is nice and i do n't want to ruin her life but i'm so tired of this i do n't want my brother to have a bad childhood like 
i feel like the grump subreddit should band together and finally make that game the grumps wanted to star in , thoughts \?
beautiful u neongreenpurple you are a lovely soul ! i'm so looking forward to seeing them open their cards ! xxxx
it s hard , i miss him , i love him , why the fuck am i so clingy \? this one friend i have is constantly online but doesn t answer my messages why \? what did i do \? i love you i don t want to lose our friendship , i love and value you too much , s same thing with another friend of mine , his replies are so distant , he only seems interested when it s sexual related , i thought he loved me and he cared about me but he only seems to talk when he s horny i hate this and i hate myself and with everything else going on in my life it doesn t help fuck fuck fuck
the more time i spend on these apps and sites the more disgusted i am with online dating we 're just selling ourselves like used vehicles and profiles have gotten increasingly generic as a guy what should i be putting in my bio \? if i had to primarily highlight one thing should i be describing my personality , should i talk about what i'm looking for , should i talk about my possessions and financial situation , or talk about my interests \? a lot of apps limit you to a of characters on a bio so i ca n't talk about all of this if it helps , i'm looking for someone around my age \( 23 \) looking for a serious relationship who wants help growing and wants to help me grow i'm not into the party scene anymore i'm an expressive introvert
i m just curious , if everyone uses word , or something els
i ve got a hot step mom and i d like to share her if you have something similar step mom , sis , aunt , cousin , co worker pm me if interest
it seems that every time the barometric pressure falls i get dizzy and nauseous during the spring and fall months these seems to happen way too frequently and it makes going out my life as usual somewhat unpleasant i 've been treating it like a silent migrane and taking butalbital , but they seem to have little effect anymore does anyone have any home remedies i could try to lessen this make it go away \? right now my solution is to just lie down and wait it out , but that 's not always possible tl dr getting dizzy , need some suggestions to make me feel bett
i got mega drunk and opened up to my family about being almost positive i have quiet borderline personality disorder and that 's why i struggle with alcohol and other aspects of life i acted cringey and really played things up , but in general it was a good thing cause they are super supportive and now they will kinda understand certain things i 
so i'm kinda new to liga mx , i usually watch mls or european soccer what are the differences and similarities \?
i had my cpu fan turned around for about a year not realizing it was installed wrong and only recently fixed it , how can i tell if my cpu is hurt \? i saw a mark on my cpu fan pipe but i m not sure if it s anything serious thanks
slight tw so as you may have heard , boris has decided to add calories onto meals and weigh us when we go back obviously this is a huge issue for those with certain eds , people with body dysphoria and anyone suffering with low confidence i have no idea what we 're gonna do this is already causing relapses and people are starving themselves in hopes of losing weight before we get weighed i already know the inevitable and i'm trying to stop myself but its practically impossible i just want to say we will get through this together we 'll get better we got this , k \? we can push through this , please take care of yourself eat even if it 's only a littl
i am a fairly attractive woman and have had a lot of interest from men over the years however , i never reciprocate interest in men that actually have healthy social and emotional lives because i feel i 'll just drag them down as a result i always end up in relationships with men i believe i deserve and have often ended up in abusive situations i do n't know how to move past this with my sa i 'll never be able to find that special guy
recently found what i assume to be a blister at the top of where my throat begins i recently had a small piece of dill pickle stuck to my esophagus and am wondering if the saltiness created a massive canker sore it feels like a 3 or 4 out of 10 on the pain scale i ve been gargling salt water with my brushing regiment but it hasn t seemed to help much so far should i try slicing it open or just wait and hope it goes away \? the photo can be seen here \( \)
so , i have tried with two different pistols now whenever i try to recalibrate one to add the max pistol damage to my library , it cancells out right as i finish the recalibration anyone have any idea on how to get around that \? been like this for a week now
3ds console games nintendo 3ds xl aqua blue black \( not the new version \) \( like new barely used \) 85 leather zelda carrying case w hylian shield and mater sword styluses \( included with 3ds xl \) 3ds charger \( included with 3ds xl \) pokemon omega ruby \( cib \) 25 ds console games nintendo ds lite navy blue black \( used , good condition \) 50 \( does not come with charger \) zelda spirit tracks \( cib \) 45 zelda phantom hourglass \( cib \) 20 cooking mama \( cib \) 10 prices do not include shipping , but shipping will be around 5 i 'll post timestamps upon request prices are pretty firm i 'd like to sell most of this as a bundl
sterling dropped montenegro match confronting liverpools
a friend of mine left it in a tournament , and im wondering how they did it anyone have any ideas \? the shit waent high , if that helps
i'm staying with a friend in finland for a month , i 've been trying to use my card to buy my share of gas but the pumps decline the payment it 's not a problem with my card as it works in the stores does anyone have any idea what the issue is \? i ca n't seem to find anything onlin
right as it says on the tin i'm very inexperienced in all areas but i can learn a bit about me i'm a virgin , 5'10 , very tease able , masochistic tendencies what i 'd be looking for in a partner gentle , controlling and caring yet mildly sadistic i would n't be looking for a kink dispenser i'm looking for a genuine relationship kinks and such kept to the bedroom for the most part what i'm into pegging , joi , edging and light breath play my hard limits scat , urine , blood play , findom i 'd like to meet someone from scotland start off speaking online here or on discord \( message me for my id \) and then maybe meet up and discuss a relationship if we hit it off and are compatibl
it was so interesting but too advanced for me to understand hahaha if you want to check it out today s stream , start 40 minutes in he had camera on and also shared his screen of logic pro x
posted in atb \( utm medium ios app amp utm name iossmf \) honestly , there are loads of things he s said to me that could apply to the question , but i ll go with this one since it is recent , and kinda funny he said the word absolutely to a question in the number game , and i fucking exploded inside edit i have removed the full context to this
did you know that there is a certain rhythm at which your pistols shoot faster \? if you just start shooting without thinking , your guns will stop for a halfsecond after every two rounds , but if you click a bit slowly , after each trigger release with a certain pace , your guns will actually shoot without stopping this increasing your fire rate any other tips \? what s your favourite pistol duo \?
i have a website about trucks which has n't been doing very well in a last desperate attempt to get some traffic , i'm looking for someone who owns a truck , is a truck driver or knows anything about the truck driving industry to make some videos for me the videos will go to youtube and hopefully drive some traffic to my blog the pay is 2 for every 10 minutes video and i 'll be needing about 100 of them if you meet the requirements and you 're interested , check out my blog \( \) and drop me a pm or a chat
hi guys i am trying this again for the hundredth time so i am going to keep this short i am a 16 year old from california i am described as an old soul by my friends and family i love old things and have a collection of antique items i am looking for friends but if you are a girl around my age and we hit it off then theres a chance i would be willing to date if you want to be friends and know more about me then feel free to message me , especially if you also live in california , then maybe we can hang out thanks guys
so before doing any research i decided to take a selfie each day i hate my photo taken the first few weeks when oh this again but now i m 23 days in i m starting to find it more fun i m glad i m not the only one who s doing such a project
so usually ya know how the legendary frames sell for 6 modules now there suddenly 1 which is great for grinding master smith but why did this happen
are there more rap songs with this kind of style \? i really like the style on it s
consider this theoretical scenario suppose someone built a spacecraft and flew out of earth in a straight direction without moving left or right let s say this person is immortal and can never die let s also say the spacecraft had unlimited fuel and wouldn t ever stop running would this person eventually end up back where they started or would they just be traveling forever \?
i have been using the cerave daily moisturizing lotion for months now because it s doing it s job but i want to find a better moisturizer for my skin i really want a 30 dollars or less moisturizer that will not make me look oily , is good for sensitive skin , no fragrance , and actually hydrated my skin since my skin has been very dull for reference , i m a teenager with pretty problematic skin and recently it s flared up again so i m revising my skin routin
reddit just posted sarah palin got divorced and it 's on the frontpage with 10k upvotes if it was a democratic woman it wouldnt break 2 upvotes it 's petty things like this that push people away from your side , 50 of americans get divorced \? did n't that woman omar marry her brother and get divorced \? who cares \? tl dr petty shit will allow the person in office to stay in offic
i'm going to be a senior it this year and have no idea what it 's like or what is tought in it does it teach you important stuff you need to know for life , or am i just going to hear trump vs biden stuff the whole time \?
ask me anything i am now 22 years old , democratic leftist and lgbtq support
join us for the usual voice sessions , mini games \( mafia truth or dare gambling \) , streaming and karaoke nights days non toxic , very chill discord server d do you want your own harem too \? if you want your voice to be heard , we 've got a venting place too ! \( theres also a confession booth for anonymity \) our own factions ! n a v y a r m y a i r f o r c e m a r i n e s which will you choose \? 0 message comment for the link
doesnt matter where you are , just interested in a little online fun from time to time ranging from casual conversation to dirty talk to trading pics pictures not required be friendly , no sellers just here to chill and have fun , no pressure \) i'm a white , moderately athletic male interested in talking to any female dm or message me !
i get so scared that if i take them and they dont work , i am going to be stuck panicking for very long times i dont feel i can handl
i love making people laugh with inappropriate humor i have my college degree in creative writing and i love to write short stories anyone can message me ! let s just have fun !
looking for a nsa weekend when it comes to pleasure , i enjoy giving and love receiving i will go down on you for as long as it feels good for you i enjoy spanking and rough sex me i'm 22 , asian , 5'9 , and easy going
anyone have any advice of how to get rid of thoughts that just keep going when laying down for the night just when in silence i can watch twitch streams but once i click off of them i lay there and continue to think and will stay up for hours with just my min
sometimes i feel i am important to you but sometimes you make me feel i am taken for granted sigh
let me know in the comments below if you 're interest
i don t have money to buy this and i was wondering if there is any alternative for this \? i don t want to pirate it so any free alternatives pleas
i bought these and the only thing i noticed is the case says the model number is a1938 but in the about in settings it says a2031 i tried putting the airpods themselves serial number , not the case , into the warranty check but it doest show up the cases serial number does show up supposedly they 're gen 2s when i click on the about section on my phone my airpods do show up with model number manufacture , serial number , firmware and hardware version are these real \?
yeah i saw them in a dream and i was left stunned when i woke up and i remember every detail about their appearance from the shoes to the hair colour and eye colour she was just so pretty in this unique specific way i don t know what to do i m so drawn towards this person cause they re my type i d like to experience seeing them in a dream but like i haven t had success i tried downloading online dating but i don t want to invest energy in people because i m reserved and introverted and comfortable like that i d be happy to see them why aren t they showing up don t shame me for this please i know my current circumstances and know what i m doing
i currently have a ps4 but i ve wanted to make the switch to a pc and i ve been told it s cheaper to build it myself but i have absolutely no idea where to start i don t know what s good and what s not so i just really need help to know what to buy for the pc and what to stay away from all help is appreciat
looking for nerdy guys with glasses or guys with big dicks tell me how u would fuck 
will i be able to join an intergalactic mining company like the imc in titan fall or a rogue band of pirates that players run \? and will we be able to construct planetary bases or have capital ships for your faction \?
theres one in the bathroom at the gym but not sure how to use it or what the proper etiquette is i intend to bring a gym bag with clothes and stuff to change in and out of , i usually go in with my gym clothes then leave do i just go in there with my towel and flip flops and just stay in for 30min \?
with the leaked store images , what so you think a new ui would look like if they made one \? what would you want \?
been listening to the neighbors having a screaming match for the best part of two hours finally spilled to street and now ended it seems \( near 3am \) when can ya shout out the window at them to shut up ! ya both smack heads and some of us have jobs to get up for so piss off ! another fun filled night where people are proud to go off
looking for somebody to talk to 33f
theres nothing less patriotic than seeing hundreds of problems wrong with your country , and instead of trying to improve or even fix those problems , you shove ypur head so far up your own ass that you think the problems are a acceptable and b that people who dont like it should immigrate which brings up another point so you as an american who say love it or leave it admit that you believe if you dont like your country you should be allowed to move to another one easily \? oh , so your problem is just when mexicans immigrate ok i mean we all knew you were racist , but im glad you admit it im excited to see all the blacklash this gets \)
i can control or fight normal urges now but im starting to get another type of urge i guess is like my mind starts to think you got what you want , why dont you go check some vids to see if you really can control yourself \? its like i ve forgotten how shit was my life before i was thinking if somebody can give me some advice to what can i think or what can i say to my brain to not fall for this
i got my open water certification and advanced cert in thailand a couple months ago i probably dived 30 times and i know i m by no means an expert still very much a beginner but confident i know what i m doing i d like to buy my own gear and do some dives off a pier which is probably 2 4m deep have you ever done solo dives ,
looks like anybody in this game can jump 2 3 meter high , from standing , during running , even sideways , except me ! i can barely jump 50cm high what is the trick \? everybody is ranting about the jumping was nerfed to this weekend where \? am i playing a different game than anybody else \? all i can see is crazy jumping people like in advanced warfare or iw boots on the ground , really \?
1 day before the anomaly was created considering that roads connect space and save time x
i feel really restless a lot of the time and can t get comfortable i move my legs around a lot and wiggle my toes don t know if i have rls or something \? i basically can t keep my feet still i feel impatient too i have pretty bad ibs and that doesn t help the constant discomfort from that adds to the restlessness
this is my first post here so please bare with me i'm about 5' hard and 3' soft and uncut does anyone else have little dribble problems after you 've peed \? it seems like sometimes after i have been and shook , they 'res a little bit left it only happens at a urinal
if god knows everything , then he knew we would sin if he knew we would sin , he knew we would suffer he knew homosexuality would be persecuted he knew pagans would be burned at the stake he knew children would starve he knew billions of people would go to hell why did god create us knowing all of these things \?
there 's all these stories about retired football players developing cte and other health issues later on in life would n't surprise me if gronk has severe brain damage later on in lif
hello i shipped my water cooler for a flight , and when reinstalling i put on new thermal paste as soon as it boots up it starts overheating , i put new thermal paste as a pea but it is still overhearing amp x200b its a corsair hydro series h100i v2 240mm intel core i7 6700k amp x200b i put a small amount of thermal paste , how long am i suppose to wait for it to dry after cleaning the cpu \? how long am i suppose to wait after the cooler is in the cpu \? amp x200b i got some thermal paste a bit on the sides and cleaned it i used a small towel the first time to clean it , and coffee filters the other time , nailed touched cpu once amp x200b not sure what it could b
i still do n't know what happened with her few days ago , i told her that i think that i'm aegosexual but today she came at me about it and told me that she thinks that i think like this because i never have been in a relationship she said that lgbtq people got into trouble because of the people like me that made me think maybe she 's right i do n't know anymore i wish someone could help me about it
nobody will probably see or respond to this but , what is the point in life \? i'm just a useless boy that does n't give a fuck about life what is my existence even doing here \? i do n't want to live my life i see no future why ca n't i be in america rn so i can have a gun \? that would make things so much easier do n't worry , i wo n't kill myself until it get really bad every single day , the same feeling of emptiness why why why why why why why why why why why
my aunt found a house that s she s interested in salem county , specifically carneys point what s the area like , is it safe \? pros , cons \?
its so difficult du
i'm on instagram as 67impala87 install the app to follow my photos and videos utm content fkm3xou
i live in surrey \( not vancouver \) and this dude in a mustang literally sits parked in his car revving the engine i don t know why he does this but i m guessing it s for a snapchat or something but it makes a horribly loud sound and he does this around 11 pm to 12 am today i got so fed up i ran outside and yelled turn off your fucking car and they started me down and started walking around my house am i allowed to report this car without evidence \? or should i wait and record a video of his car doing this i honestly really don t mind loud cars , i love cars myself but this guy has no right to be doing this at night when people like me have to wake up to go to work the next morning
hello i have been playing dnd for about 2 years and my play style has been known to be a bit forceful i commonly play frontline but will sometimes jump back to a bard or maybe a rouge lastocean 6704
i want to create a website like duckduckgo com \( \) not sure where to begin i think they use bing api or something most importantly i want a search engine that does n't track you just like duckduckgo com \( \)
hi there , let me invite to listen these two 420 music collection the first one dedicated to jazz music and the second one dedicated to the travels \( waiting to finally resume traveling \) \( \) m180vts0 v1jytkpjvyq \( v1jytkpjvyq \)
has achieved more than any other president in the history of our country i hope he wins in novemb
simple question \? i remember and loved games like mw2 and mw3 with all of their cool emblems what s with like 10 generic emblems that everyone gets \?
i want to start with therapy for treating my complex ptsd does anyone have any advice on what to look out for \? advice is very welcome !
hi friends ! i have a positivity challenge for you all i did this activity in group therapy today list 3 things you 're good at 3 compliments you 've received 3 ways you 've helped others 3 things that make you unique 3 challenges you 've overcome 3 things you value about yourself 3 things you like about your appearance 3 times you 've made someone happy g
i'm in a blood rush right now but it feels so g
if i miss a single lecture next week , i 'll be donating all my tax returns \( 750 \) to you redditors sick of my laziness
she isnt in the temple , not near kuro , not near ishiin , not even at the grave i just killed corrupted monk \( the real one \) amp x200b where could she be \?
hi please move to your new subreddit and enjoy your funeral servic
i have n't thought about where i should go or anything and i'm a seni
ia1 spring halo ia2 380k just offer away thats that hahahaha ok byeby
pls gimme some and i ll remember you as a kind person and possibly a frien
amp x200b format png amp auto webp amp s e69d57be5b6b11f129317a21d38929a29f86d1b
its been a bit over 6 months since this guy has started on asphalt work he 's only done half the work and just is straight up awful at communication i will text him and call him and he does not reply we 've paid him roughly half \? not even sure since he changed his price after doing the crushed stone and digging wants 3 grand more i dont know where to proceed from this point as we are a few grand in and the asphalt still has not been done do i bite the bullet and have someone else finish or try and get this guy to finish \?
i was a former long distance runner , but last year i was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis at the age of 13 and the various treatments restricted me from running whether it be due to weight gain or weak bones today marks my first time running outside in a year !
my friends and i looking for couple of more people wanting to join our group to play dead by daylight ! we 're all relatively new to the game , so it does n't matter if you 're new or familiar with the game \) we have a small server to vc when playing , we 're all nice and chill to talk to dm me if you 're interested in playing at any point !
two ole chadash sit down for an interview and discuss the lives they live in israel one 's a male from la and the other is a female from south africa they basically talk the world they discovered within themselves since coming over here they go over the things they miss from back home , the things they love about life here and the things they hate about it not everything is a positive the conversation does n't start with their lives in israel but basically takes a turn onto the topic some minutes in it wo n't only be cool and informative , but also a very good time if interested in listening , click here \( 11 73 questions with danielle id1492352561 \? i 1000468207180 \)
hey guys , i'm wondering if scott pilgrim could have been told with volumes 1 , 5 and 6 \? or do you thin it would have changed the story \? i'm on the fence about volume 2 since it feels like volume 1 5 \? what do you think \?
feature youtu be amp ab channel nunothedood \( feature youtu be amp ab channel nunothedood \)
i do n't know what i'm doing wrong , but i'm doing something wrong here 's the problem \( \) when i did the math and plugged in the numbers , i ended up with 190 6h h , which obviously is n't correct could somebody do this problem with more detailed steps so i can see where i went wrong \? also , on the second line with 12h in the numerator , i do n't understand how the h 's cancelled out thanks in advanc
i started getting into digital art maybe a year ago but i was only drawing on my phone and i feel as if the phone is too small , its possible to make art but it just doesnt turn out how i want it to i want to invest in a drawing tablet but i do not have a windows or mac as many tablets say they are compatible with , i only have a chromebook laptop and an iphone i heard that wacoms might work with chrome but i dont know anything about wacom or how to plug one into a chromebook does anybody here have any experience with chromebooks and digital art \?
hey ! looking for a mutually respectful exploration of our personal universes ! \) i'm somewhat shy , a bit anxious , but reportedly could be funny and quite entertaining i'm very prone to long musings on pessimism , nihilism , and the meaning of life , though i'm nothing profound in that department i have a preference for audio conversations which could be completely anonymous \( on some voice call app \) and without video i'm looking for a person my age or older \( without upper limit \) , so please do n't hesitate to pm have a wonderful day night ! \)
i want to play winston , i like the character but ffs he 's useless even when harrassing ! hes just a shittier d va when it comes to harrassing i use my shield and my jump , still die instantly due to every fucking person on the enemy team attacking me as soon as i jump in
i tried some songs and it does n't sound right at all , maybe its because i dont understand the notes \( i only use the numbers to play \) , can someone please explain how can change those letters into numbers \( i know what the letters stand for what number but like i said they 're some weird one 's \)
i'm so tired of asshole survivors calling me toxic i 'll facecamp and tunnel and mori all i fucking want what 's toxic is getting genrushed and t bagged and clicked at and called a fucjing baby killer and broken loops and having every single asshole run decisive strike i tried being a good killer and got t bagged for it have fun guys , i'm gonna face camp the shit out if yoh
i was a big fan of the original titanfall but i was disappointed on how it was so underrated despite the dropping player counts i still got a fun 80 100 hours out of it playing solo i have n't heard anything about titanfall 2 and i am wondering how it compares and should i buy it
okay this is the setup one character has been tortured and i missing half of each finger this is a big deal since he used natural claws to fight so in order to bring them back to par and boost them up in the store i wanted to make a full metal alchemist reference level philosophers stone , but not one like in the book not one that is so over powered as the one in the show , but something similar what do you recommend \?
so , i 've posted on this sub a lot , but most convos have basically not turned into anything , and that 's my fault i'm awkward and terrible at conversation , but i'm looking to change that , as i'm really lonely i like chess , gaming and cricket , and i'm a huge bookw
hi everyone , i'm just trying to meet people again so it might fail anyways i live in az and i mostly enjoy games , politics and watching youtube i can be nice so i really do n't mind texting , just be between 15 17 nobody will reach out but i 'll still try i'm reposting this again because only girls get attention so you 're all pathetic like that , but what
anytime i type something in the search bar and click to search it , my browser downloads a file called json and does n't search anything anybody else getting the same problem \?
so i'm playing royale high sunset island , and the theme was anime cartoon , so i made a ladybug outfit that was n't her original design soo , someone comes up to me and argues that i made my outfit wrong and proceeds to put on their 's , the right ladybug outfit which is just some hair , a basic outfit , and a face amp x200b what my outfit looked like \( format png amp auto webp amp s 5212ef87a2cc380e0ffa3e007cb2d8b8c19689fb \)
tu ko bachelors level ko exams huncha ki hunna hola \? chaitra ma hunu parne thyo exams tara aaile samma ni uni le exam ko barema kei bhanay chaina koi lockdown khule pachi huncha bhanchan , koi internal evaluation ko aadhar ma marks dincha bhanchan , koi lockdown khuleko 2 weeks pachi bhanchan tapai haru ko teacher professor harule le yesko barema kei bhannu bhako cha \?
the title explains everything i pretty much failed my gen chem 1 final exam and it 's the first time ever that i failed a final exam i study a lot for the exam and did the homework as well , but i do n't know how i did this bad i did poorly on the multiple choice and the free response as well i thought i did much better on the multiple choice , but it turned out that i barely got half of the portion right i do n't know what my full grade is yet , since my professor only posts the exam grades on canvas i might end up with grades in between a d or a c there is no doubt that i wo n't get higher than that this situation makes me want to give up on college and quit entirely
i was couching my friend in plat and told him to play symetra , because she is easy to play till this happened nice report system blizzard lmfao \( \)
life never gives me a bone i just want to exist elsewhere there is no point i just want an angel to take me away i stopped taking drugs because they do n't work anymore only opiates do and even that is little i just want to be free i do n't want to be here anymore can somebody help me i just want a hug of reassurance that i will be okay because i ca n't take it anymore i just want to be freed i do n't want anything anymore can i please be freed i'm open to any solution i just want someone to tell me they love me and they will be there for me i want to care for someone i am asking for anything to help me i just ca n't take this anymore just let me go pleas
wondering if there is a parking fee \? or if there are any other options am i just better off getting a ride there \?
for me it 'd be this one early interaction between oden and young inuarashi nekomamushi kawamatsu gt meeting you has shown me that there are many interesting creatures in the world ! gt well goodbye !
hi , i'm a college student and i was recently approched by a man while at work who gave me his number he told me that he saw me quite a few times and that he was interested in having sex with me i'm curious but at the same time i'm very nervous i dont have a lot of experience in sex at all i always wanted to learn a lot of things and he told me he could teach me those things and that he also wanted to do anal but i dont know if thats a good idea to accept because even tought im legal he is so much older and he is a stranger so does anyone have done something like that \? should i accept or not \? thank you !
tarot card readings hello everyone my name is kernaka , and i ve been reading tarot cards for a few years now my great grandmother was a reader as well , and i m honored to be able to use our gift for good my passion is to help others with any problem they may be facing with my tarot cards i can answer questions about life , jobs , love life , emotional wellbeing , etc etc reading tarot cards for others has brought myself , and my clients , much joy my readings are a pay what you can , any amount is extremely appreciated if you re interested please dm me ! instagram kernaka
hey guys , i m feeling a bit meh so , tell me the best joke you ve ever heard i ll gift someone something off their wishlist that s 5 inclusive of shipping \( sorry i couldn t give more for the quality content you guys will provide me with \) rules 1 must have posted an intro before 01 02 2020 2 dbad 3 must have an item worth 5 or less with free shipping included contest ends this evening at 8 00pm gmt 4
hiya everyone nice to meet you all i have little to few friends and i want to find some new friends to talk too and chat too about random stuff little bout me i enjoy walking , watching marvel dc anime cartoons , playing my switch \( normally play fortnite , minecraft and stardew valley \) , listening to music not all too fuss about the music as long as it good and a beat to it and i like dating for people feel free to message me i be slow at replying bc i m heading to bed but i will contact whoever messages me tomorrow
so long story short , i'm still a schoolkid and my family owns a small ice cream shop whenever someone in my school \( teacher or student \) brings up this topic , i get extremely uncomfortable and irritated this is due to the fact that when more people know about the business , they will bug me for free ice cream or worst ask 'can you hire me' fuck off please , firstly we are n't running charity we are running a business secondly , we have enough employees and you joining would n't contribute to anything except higher expenses how do i shut someone off whenever they bring up the topic or say something along the lines of oh ! xiaominglah how 's your ice cream shop ! while being polite at the same time \?
i know , batarians , disgusting but looking at this from a scientific point of view , they are the most similar to humans out of all the other species , they 're mammals , they have hair , they eat the same diet as us \( as far as i'm aware \) so , theoretically , could there be a human batarian hybrid \? i'm sure there would have to be some genetic manipulation involved , but ultimately i think it would be possibl
anyone ever wanted to go off town \? and never return sometimes a lot of people feel living like a prototype , having a same kind of life but goes back doing the same have anybody raised above it and did something to make you feel better \?
how can u make to when ppl join the server it automatically puts them in the rules channel \?
i \( f19 \) am really worried that i might be pregnant i realised that my period was late by about 2 weeks and my boobs started to hurt and i was a bit nauseous i was taken 4 pregnant tests over the course of 3 days and they all came back negative but i m still worried i always use condoms when i have sex with my boyfriend so i was never worried till now my weight have really fluctuated the past month if that s important
i see it explained a lot that teenagers do n't get enough sleep because schools start too early , which clashes with their shifted circadian rhythm but 1 3 of adults in america are also sleep deprived , despite having an average work day that starts at a more reasonable time what gives \?
